Benjamin Zephaniah is today leading an poetry day for ex-offenders .
A man charged with killing his father was cleared by a grand jury .
Russia was fully compensating for any environmental effects of the Games .
Comedian Kathy Griffin will host TrevorLIVE .
Maya Rudolph have welcomed their fourth child .
Flash floods hit Chai Chee after a heavy downpour .
The Rajasthan Government was misusing public funds .
A female puffin hatched at the National Aquarium is doing .
Pita Pit has closed in Edwardsville .
A gang of youths robbed a man in an Oldbrook underpass for just £ 10 .
Pakistan has decided to resume cross-border trade in Kashmir .
The Venezuelan government plans to continue its pace of land expropriations in order to move towards agrarian socialism .
People roulette online chat Guns .
Hundreds marched for freedom in the Sudanese capital .
Broadway's Jennifer Holliday is coming to the Atlanta Botanical Garden .
Italy recalled its ambassador from India .
An priest who gained he performed exorcisms has signed a movie deal .
Chris Hemsworth were forced to flee floods .
Mayors urge members of Congress to pass immigration reform .
Mike Trout left the game with tightness in his right hamstring, but he isn't .
More Americans believe the United States has become a less important player .
An tanker caught fire in a garage .
A new lieutenant was introduced and two deputies were honored .
Kellan Lutz won't be very merry this Christmas .
Saint Mary's College has announced plans to renovate McKeon Pavilion .
A woman accused of stabbing her husband in the chest was .
Pune FC suffered their first AFC Cup defeat going down 1 3 to Tampines Rovers FC .
Mulberry chief executive Bruno Guillon has stepped down .
Military issues have no place in the nuclear talks .
An animal centre says it's struggling to cope .
Alex Rodriguez stormed hearing after an arbitrator ruled Bud Selig did not have to testify .
The Phillies want to keep Chase Utley .
A Chicago officer was hit in the head with a baseball bat .
GeoPark, is to seek a listing in New York .
Divers found the body of a young boy in the Sandy River .
Toshiba Corp. will start mass production shipments of T4K71, a 1080p, 1.12Âµm, CMOS image sensor .
The Mizoram government disowned a company which claimed to be a government undertaking .
The crisis, don't know nuttin .
Michael Jackson has been accused of beating Bubbles .
The Olympic torch has been launched into space .
Valletta today announced a number of new initiatives for supporters .
Ambulance response times will improve .
The carbon capture and storage project is nearing completion .
An Indian tanker seized by Iran has been allowed to leave .
The How much time have you wasted on Facebook .
Police foiled a bid to demolish a Hindu temple under Nachole upazila .
Severe weather is sweeping through the southern states .
Department submits its report on NSEL crisis to ED probe panel .
Turkish assets fell .
A habitual felon has been sentenced to almost 18 years in prison .
The Lancaster Barnstormers will host their third annual job fair .
Singapore shares ended flat .
Chris Riley is to remain at Wakefield .
Floyd Mayweather is open to fighting Amir Khan in the future .
A woman who shares her home with 50 skunks says .
Three Port Authority officers have filed a federal lawsuit seeking to overturn promotions .
Russia will send two ships to the east Mediterranean .
The Australian market is trading flat .
A boy is in critical condition after being struck by a car .
Denver coach John Fox was taken to a hospital .
World War Z incites zombie run brain craving feeding frenzy .
None can have faith in Narendra Modi .
Tila Tequila took to announce she's pregnant .
The Gambia reopened its borders with Senegal .
Stocks to watch at the close on Tuesday .
Katie Price has been hospitalised in Europe .
The BBC is sleepwalking to destruction, veteran presented Noel Edmonds said .
Manchester United have agreed a £ 35m deal to sign Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho .
Social media experts took to discuss Pinterest best practices for business .
The Israeli navy arrested two young Gaza fishermen .
Housing affordability improved .
The 2014 Toyota Corolla is likely to be showcased at the 2014 Auto Expo .
Compounding pharmacies may be subject to FDA regulations .
Verint Systems is acquiring KANA Software for $ 514 million .
Haggen is recalled ground beef .
A way to compare car insurance quotes online exists .
The teams made last night so who went home on Amazing Race All Stars 2014 .
A bag tested positive for ricin .
ITV is launching a channel aimed at women .
Justin Bieber was attacked at a Toronto nightclub .
John Abraham has been prohibited from using the title Hamara Bajaj .
Daniel Ricciardo will replace Mark Webber Red Bull year .
Police have targeted a recreational motorcycle club .
The Renault Fluence facelift is and we spotted .
Tim Farron has introduced a bill to democratise national parks .
A man was arrested for rape bid on a minor .
People shifted to safer places .
Rivals can't be friends .
Ambuja Cements reported a 6.6% increase in profit .
Shaw Communications plans to lay off 400 employees .
POLICE are appealing after two boys were approached at Tweed Heads .
Superior Spider-Man appears in LEGO Marvel Super Heroes .
Will Arnett may be starring, but he's open to returning to Arrested Development .
A former Keyser woman was charged with trespassing .
A man has died after being struck by a vehicle .
The government is to look at ways to boost demand for the Green Deal .
A Charlottesville man was charged in a New Year's Day rape .
The first day of spring is here .
Nigeria at 100 should be celebrated .
Pledges for foreign direct investment in South Korea dropped in 2013 .
Republican US Rep. John Kline will host a campaign event with Tea Party activist and congressman Allen West .
NAMI Oklahoma will begin offering free mental health classes .
Apple has released Digital Camera RAW Compatibility Update version 5.01 .
A French priest has been kidnapped in Cameroon .
Students will be able to take a virtual canoe tour .
A woman was reportedly raped in her Anniston home .
Why there is no cure for the common cold .
Shareholders voted to approve Phillips � pending acquisition of Tosco .
The rupee ended flat at 61.55 .
Habitat for Humanity will assist thousands affected by Typhoon Haiyan .
TV star Carol Vorderman performed her first solo flight at Gloucestershire Airport .
China today issued guideline to safeguard defence interests .
Nine persons were arrested after a series of drug finds .
Parts of Metro Manila became a waterworld, following heavy rain .
Steve Spurrier still going strong .
P Chidambaram humiliated by not allowing him to speak in Hindi .
Ashley Judd is reuniting with her estranged husband .
The Pendleton Round-Up plans to hire its first paid executive .
The assessor will send notices of valuation .
Cocaine has been found at Oxford University buildings .
A teacher has been arrested on charges of forcing a student to clean a urinal .
Archeologists say they have unearthed in Nepal they say is the oldest Buddhist shrine .
A man has been extradited in connection with child abduction in Slough .
Kamal Haasan, threatened, pledged his commitment to the country .
Police are investigating possible drive by shootings of two teenagers in villages near Bucklebury .
A mafia boss was fed alive to pigs .
A man was seriously injured while trying to catch the trolley .
One week after their abduction, more than 200 girls are still missing in Nigeria .
Christina Aguilera are expecting a baby girl .
Water quality is likely to emerge as a major challenge in Odisha .
The Miami Marlins have decided to insert Kevin Slowey into the starting rotation .
Children learn while they play .
Local townships are preparing for winter weather .
I did nothing, Rodriguez told .
A man is facing charges he assaulted two intellectually disabled people .
Barclays Bank has reached an agreement with Dahabshil .
I 'm always broody .
Where's Waldo event in downtown Chico .
Henrik Stenson was selected the European Tour player of the year .
Egypt partially reopened crossing with the Gaza Strip .
The aerial search to locate the missing Malaysian plane has ended .
A passenger had fallen out of his plane .
Liam Payne has opened up after he saved his friend's life .
Mark Lawrenson believes Manchester United are in trouble .
Charges against Jarvis Moss have been dropped .
Melanie is not going but she's not leaving the Mail .
The Badminton Association of India's disciplinary committee has recommended a life ban for leading Jwala Gutta .
Theo Walcott will miss the World Cup for England .
BURGLARS made a mess in a property in Woburn Sands .
Larry the Cable Guy joked about Obamacare on Fox News .
Reds LHP Tony Cingrani left his start .
An email reminder website is presenting 5 email marketing tips .
This year's ISTEP glitches did not have a measurable impact on scores .
A Tea Party candidate says, her vote will be to oust John Boehner .
DSW Inc. is pleased to announce the opening of a new store in Greenville, SC .
An Indian navy officer died during work on a new destroyer .
Manchester United defender Alexander Buttner will join Beşiktaş within 48 hours .
The second victim was found in contempt of court .
OMA has completed in Rotterdam .
The world's leadless pacemaker is being introduced in the UK .
Google has switched to secure search .
The Indians have made an qualifying offer to starting Ubaldo Jimenez .
Dallas would be to trade Romo and their pick for Manziel .
Internet cafes are dying out .
Pro surfer Bethany Hamilton married Adam Dirks .
Jaci Velasquez is kicking off her 2013 Christmas tour .
Silent Bob has landed his own talk show .
Katie Price has had emergency surgery .
A boy had his eyes gouged out .
The final weekend of the college hockey regular season is here .
Razvan Rat has left West Ham United with mutual consent .
Lee Jong-suk has been diagnosed with swine flu .
Signs of inflammation in a man's prostate biopsy may indicate he has a reduced risk .
A tornado watch has been canceled for Berks County .
Leg-spinner Saturday equalled the world record for most wickets in a ODI series .
Girlfriend Material was chosen this week at the book .
The first look of Sajid Khan's Humshakals will be revealed tomorrow .
Actifio said it had raised $ 100 million led by Tiger Global .
The question of where to play, strategically speaking, is .
The Savills Countryside Alliance Point to Point .
Firearm injuries in the US cost more than $ 16 billion in hospital resources .
Bradford are set to sign Adam Henry .
Americans hate book banning .
Mary K. Letourneau was booked on a arrest warrant Monday morning .
Apple Inc has taken over the # 70 spot from Tyco International Ltd .
Vladimir Putin told Angela Merkel Ukraine needs constitutional reform .
VORNADO REALTY TRUST has entered into an agreement to sell Broadway Mall in Hicksville New York .
Gordon Igesund will select his strongest squad .
Ashton Kutcher chose Angelina Jolie over Mila Kunis .
Quevega is to retire and begin after being beaten at Punchestown .
A constable committed suicide .
The voter has the right to negative voting .
India's food law would ensure equitable distribution .
The Defense Department has confirmed contractors will receive late payments .
President Obama will stop in Rochester .
Yahoo has poached tech columnist David Pogue .
Scientists have discovered a potential way to make graphene - a layer with promise - superconducting .
We must carry out detailed inspections .
Stocks to watch at the close on Wednesday .
The Egyptian embassy in Zambia has secured the release of 23 Egyptian nationals .
A mother are accused of committing one local robbery .
Advances in micro turbine look set to drive growth in distributed gas power units .
The personal injury cash advance firms agree to reforms .
Terry Branstad and members of a Chinese delegation signed an agreement of understanding .
When fascism comes .
David Haye, have a message for fight fans & Tyson Fury .
Penn State is plans to ask the state for 5.1 percent funding increase .
The speed limit on highways in Illinois will be raised to 70 mph next year .
Typhoon Danas is losing strength as it passes through the Korea Strait .
Golden Lions regained Super Rugby status .
First lady Ann McCrory hosted an Easter egg hunt .
The hikers managed to get out a search was starting .
Blend has secured a $ 2.7 million seed funding round led .
The Prince of Wales has labelled the pension industry's approach as unfit for purpose .
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce as the best voip phone service provider .
An blaze destroyed a log home .
A children's pastor has been accused of soliciting a minor .
An house fire killed a couple .
YESpay specialist PMC today announced a strategic partnership .
Presidential elections in Azerbaijan were held in calm and transparent atmosphere .
Nitish Kumar holds but had failed to check crimes .
It's hard to beat broccoli .
Volkswagen CEO Martin Winterkorn announced a new midsize SUV for the American market .
Six men were arrested in a drug raid .
Kevin Ball is keen to use Emanuele Giaccherini in a central role .
Boeing today marked the launch of 787 customer training in Miami .
Electronic cigarettes would be banned from all buildings .
AON Plc Director Lester B. Knight purchased 30,000 shares of AON Plc stock .
Gulfport police have arrested an woman and a man on unrelated charges of embezzlement in complaints from businesses .
The diesel shortages is expected to end today .
America is not the world's policeman .
The North York Borough Council voted to extend an offer of employment to a manager candidate .
Samad Oppong has signed for Ethnikos Achnas .
Ben Te'o has issued a statement .
Three Hispanic employees are suing Target Corp. for discrimination .
The opposition parties in the Capital city have been misleading people .
Tom Reed issued the statement on the budget battle in Congress .
Britain announced to halve taxes on shale gas production .
Freeholders will hold, part of an series of road show meetings .
There is a change in Iranian rhetoric on nuclear weapons issue mainly due to the sanctions .
The Orioles are planning to activate Manny Machado from the disabled list on Tuesday .
A Australian missionary has been detained in North Korea, a report said .
Eskom has declared a power emergency .
ADMET today announced a new line of mechanical testing systems .
A Vinita man was arrested after explosive devices were found in his home .
Fandango interrupt The Miz .
Duda hitting cleanup Thursday afternoon .
A law firm employee was jailed for housebreaking .
The former lunchroom aide was arrested .
Michael Douglas has felt underestimated as an actor .
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. plans to push ahead with small acquisitions .
A Wareham man has been indicted and arraigned on kidnapping, assault, and weapons charges .
Francesco Totti is making encouraging progress .
Sarah Harding would love to work in films .
Dennis Rodman apologized for not being able to help an missionary .
No one should interview Anthony again .
THE traffic lights are abysmal .
Craig has been ruled out for the NLDS .
More than 46 000 taxis have registered for e-tolling .
Kobe Bryant won't be back on the court for the Lakers this season .
The Indians have traded for Jason Kubel .
Stacy Lewis had to lead the LPGA Tour team to its first Wendy's 3-Tour Challenge win .
Nigeria has over 1,400 illegal border routes .
A state trooper was shot .
The University of Illinois will honor the critic Roger Ebert .
A drug investigation led to the arrest of an auto repair shop owner .
Hunter Mahan has withdrawn from the RBC Canadian Open .
The Angels hired Don Baylor as hitting coach .
A Broussard man faces federal charges for allegedly hiding guns, in a load of furniture bound for Beirut .
Bon Jovi drummer Tico Torres has had to undergo emergency surgery .
A bill seeking to set up Idaho to collect Internet sales tax made .
A city commission is looking at changes to Lawton's district .
Chinese exports fell 3.1%, missing expectations .
RSA yesterday launched its broker trading site .
Output in the French private sector expanded in September .
A MAN who was hit by a train is believed to be in his eighties and from Hungerford .
Gino D'Acampo cooked up a storm at Edge Grove, Aldenham Village, as he taught .
Bob Bradley has been named coach of Norwegian club Stabaek .
British Airways has held talks with Chinese carriers .
Travel Channel has ordered eight pilots .
Nawras has re-introduced the Sahra time for youth .
Sonia Gandhi returned to Parliament .
Holiday World is hiring to fill thousands of positions .
Asian stock markets eked out slight gains .
A KIDDERMINSTER bank has been providing a shop front to businesses .
Guitarist Dan Spitz was arrested .
The study found the UAE and Saudi Arabia to be the region's top importers of defence systems .
Salem High School has postponed all of their basketball games .
OsoBio has appointed director of manufacturing .
Russia has bought $ 3 billion worth of Ukrainian bonds .
Napoli beat AC Milan 2 to score their first win at San Siro in 27 years .
A Navy pilot from Lompoc was killed in a helicopter crash .
Federal Way's city attorney has apologized for blocking a citizen from commenting on a investigation .
Sahara chief Subrata Roy surrendered .
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has injured his right foot on the day he resumed training .
Scott won the PGA Grand Slam of Golf .
Voters could be taken off the electoral register by Wicklow County Council .
Leonardo does not regret leaving Internazionale for Paris Saint-Germain .
THE rand's rally faded as the dollar recovered .
The Raspberry Pi has hit a milestone .
No environment can be neutral .
Japan reaffirmed during a meeting their cooperation on sanctions against Iran, a source said .
Minnesota's deer hunters can donate their kill to food shelves .
Stuart Hall has been stripped of his OBE by the Queen .
Tunisian women have travelled to Syria to wage sex jihad .
The orthodox Jewish charity Regentford Ltd has appealed to the tribunal against the regulator's refusal to remove from the register .
Martina Sablikova has defended her Olympic speed skating title .
SWINDON fight fans could be in line for a treat this summer .
THE rand was, pulling back from Friday's gains .
# A Payson man died after crashing .
A college student survived a nightmare at sea .
A woman who was found dead in the Lower 9th Ward has been identified by the coroner .
A European Union delegation arrived in Cairo for talks .
Thousands of Ukrainians are fleeing into Russia .
Sudanese President Salva Kiir arrived in Addis Ababa .
Australian businesses are losing $ 720 for every negative customer experience, could impact .
A Brockton woman has been charged with selling heroin .
School travel service trips are directly linked to future career success .
Commercial Bank is the Lead Sponsor of the Euromoney Qatar 2013 Conference .
Neiman Marcus said about 1.1 million cards may have been hacked .
Jed Anderson has been released from a Darwin hospital .
Dom Morris, scored as Boston University survived a furious late rally by Bucknell and held on for a 64 61 win .
A Saskatoon man has been charged with child luring .
Baylor standout quarterback Don Trull has been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame .
Sean Penn screamed at a fan .
Kim Kardashian wants more kids .
Aaron Hernandez was involved in a altercation .
Femi Kuti has arrived in Ghana .
They 're, but David Beckham led the way .
Andy Reid hasn't decided to rest his starters against San Diego .
About 250 flights were delayed and 33 cancelled .
Robin Roberts attended the Southern Minnesota Tourism Association's meeting .
Gareth Bale is likely to play against Malaga .
Sluggish cognitive tempo is a distinct attention disorder not .
The UConn baseball team will hold open walk - on tryouts .
They sent Paco Rodriguez, and the Los Angeles Dodgers 've brought .
Tottenham Hotspur want Carlo Ancelotti to take over .
DARREN Ward has set the Swindon Town defence a target .
Investors shifted record amounts out of US stock funds and into bonds .
Ancient footprints found on British beach may be the oldest outside of Africa .
WWE Main Event is expected to be cancelled by ION Television .
Dynamics have changed at the Great Platte River Road Archway .
PTT is preparing to expand its retail oil business in Asean .
New York, country music group Whiskey Myers is expected to play .
Happiness is able to reduce blood pressure .
Blackbeard's Bikers is attempting to help stop human trafficking .
Florida is hosting three Rivals100 members .
Stella Artois has launched a 750ml Christmas bottle .
22,500 units of the LG G2 have been stolen .
General Motors is planning to recall 2014 model year vehicles in the US .
A southwest Iowa lawmaker has returned in the Iowa Capitol .
OPRAH WINFREY is in talks to make her Broadway debut .
Ali Landry welcomed their third child .
Jamboree officials are pulling out the stops .
Some parts of Kashmir got some respite from the cold conditions .
A group of about 10 black Brooklyn, youths, attacked a white couple for honking .
A record number of suicides at the Golden Gate Bridge in 2013 demonstrates, a watchdog group says .
Tyler Wilson signed his contract with the Oakland Raiders .
ServicePower has won two contract extensions .
Why be a Whistle-Blower .
The Human Rights Watch has accused Syrian rebels of war crimes .
John Kerry is creating a Arctic ambassador position .
A MAN was taken to hospital following a two car collision .
Tina Brown took to blast Howard Kurtz .
Bo Xilai has appealed against his life sentence for abuse of power, corruption .
Selena Gomez is ready to put and take on the world .
Four researchers from the University of Pennsylvania have been elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Shots were fired in an Odessa neighborhood .
Music defines the harmony of life .
The Mens Club of Congregation Beth Israel will hold a Blood Drive .
Suicide bombings and attacks across Iraq killed at least 33 people .
Barack Obama refused to give ground .
Lamprell has completed the sale of INSPEC .
Two jewelry store employees were robbed at gunpoint in Oceanside .
Cross country began .
The Mules advance to their Elite Eight .
Jose Mourinho wants Chelsea to play with a higher intensity and destroy teams .
The Knights of Columbus will be hosting their Oktoberfest .
TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao today met Rahul Gandhi .
Air India should join Star Alliance, a network by this summer .
South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix posted a record operating profit .
The Panthers activated RB Jonathan Stewart .
38 constituencies in 8 southern provinces are still unable to register candidates .
Brussels placed the emphasis on economic issues .
St. Louis Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia will have his shoulder examined .
At least three terrorists were killed in a fresh drone strike .
The women's group of Wesley United Methodist Church will hold a rummage sale today .
His father would never work with any other actor .
Demi Lovato has opened up about her troubled past and struggle with bipolar disorder .
Beinecke will unveil a trio of exhibits .
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny has defended a decrease in the number of temporary medical cards .
Michelle Obama wore a Carolina Herrera look to the White House's state dinner .
Criminal and serial child abuser Stephen ``Rossi'' Walsh will apply for bail .
Waste Management will launch its new fleet and open a fueling station .
General in Devyani Khobragade was trapped in a conspiracy .
An illegal alcohol manufacturing plant was raided .
Millinocket - Millinocket residents are voting for the third time on a school budget plan .
The firm BrewDog has been cautioned for a highly offensive advert .
Mallika Sherawat has accepted a marriage proposal .
Blood will flow, Wall Street .
Bestinver's trio has leapt to the top of amLeague's European rankings .
Tulip Ltd has relaunched its foodservice division .
TAYTO press ads raised a smile .
Samsung is working on a wearable device that can turn hands into a keyboard .
Workplaces are dominated by cliques .
Instagram has added a Lux filter to its iPhone app .
A Gladstone teen has pleaded guilty for causing a accident that killed a woman .
Renville County is considering a proposal to allow recreational vehicles to share roads .
The US dollar ended sharply dearer against the rupee finished .
Egypt has decided to dissolve the Muslim Brotherhood .
Scientists have created to form Martian clouds on Earth .
A Saugerties man was sentenced on two felony convictions .
South Africa lost 28 000 nonfarming jobs .
Narendra Modi should focus on making India open defecation free .
The US Capitol went into lockdown after gunshots were fired .
Cher Lloyd has married her boyfriend of two years Craig Monk .
NASA has launched an Instagram account .
Heritage Oil Plc provides an operational update on OML 30, Nigeria .
Columbus Short, who plays, is getting divorced .
Diane Lane are officially divorced .
Alex Goode has targeted an October return .
Kenya's Dennis Kimetto has won the Chicago Marathon .
I am not resigned (to a government shutdown) .
Chris Brown is going to prison .
Philadelphia Flyers forward Brayden Schenn has been fined for cross-checking Kris Versteeg .
West Virginia State University has announced a new concentration in energy management .
Kurt Busch will contest the 2014 Indianapolis 500 with Andretti Autosport .
Pakistan will release another 13 Taliban prisoners .
Cobb County released the memorandum of understanding between the Atlanta Braves .
The Azerbaijani Cabinet made to change excise duty rates on oil products .
The new courts are in order to make the tennis team more competitive .
An auto yard located in Wilmington caught on fire .
The European Parliament has backed a net neutrality bill .
Loungers is planning to open three new outlets before Christmas .
Democratic candidate John Hanger has released his agenda for women .
Jane Lynch was honoured to pay tribute to Cory Monteith .
Rock Island Police are investigating the death .
So, a bear walks into a bar. isn't .
Here's a look at Michael Rooker as Yondu in Guardians of the Galaxy .
Kenyan police have repatriated more than 60 Ethiopia aliens .
Mumbai, John Abraham was named the face of the National Geographic Channel .
Adams Oshiomhole has commiserated with Wole Soyinka .
Cokie Roberts doesn't believe the conspiracy theories .
Manipur today celebrated Patriots Day .
A West Vancouver woman has been arrested for a December house fire .
Mahanavami was celebrated in West Bengal .
The Bismarck city council approved a contract for curbside recycling .
PBA players, visit Yolanda victims .
Bright orange hats added a quirky twist to a charity lunch .
The White Sox have claimed Jake Elmore off waivers .
Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty .
UNICEF launched a initiative on violence against children .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is planning on sending Nathaniel Chalobah on loan for one more season .
A man was arrested, fought police .
Sam Querrey recovered to beat and reach the second round of the Moselle Open .
The Enforcement Directorate is likely to file charges against Dayalu Ammal and his daughter Kanimozhi .
Chevron will move to Elizabeth Quay .
Ukrainian politician Vitali Klitschko said he would run for president in a 2015 election .
TD Bank in the 1200 block of US 1 in Vero Beach was robbed Sunday afternoon .
The Rabbonim can women take cialis for men .
Casino arizona craps find .
Tom Laughlin the star and creator of Billy Jack is, the anti establishment icon is gone at 82 .
Hockey rock star Darren McCarty has released his first novel .
Turkey scrambled eight fighter jets to intercept a Russian aircraft .
The Xbox 360 has twice as many online players as the PlayStation 3 .
Foreign pilots are being told to use instruments they land at SFO .
The Windows 8.1 RTM build was downloaded over 2 million times in 24 hours .
Boulder County will conduct tests of their emergency warning siren system Monday .
Windstream Corp. has formed a holding company .
Nuclear talks ended on an upbeat note .
Palo Alto Networks ®, today announced a agreement to acquire Cyvera .
VIVOTEK announced the launch of a new series of speed dome network cameras .
Police vehicles will have GPS .
A Metro PCS employee was robbed at gunpoint, at 7:00 in Hempstead .
The Tigers put on pads for the first time .
Protesters clashed with police in Mexico City .
Manchester United have decided to sack David Moyes .
JSW Steel Ltd. has acquired stake in Vallabh Tinplate Pvt. Ltd .
Abbas Zafar's Gunday will pay tribute to Yash Chopra .
FITCH has appointed as associate strategy director .
A liquor shop salesman was shot dead .
Aurora has completed the acquisition of NTS .
Oklahoma City Thunder point guard, Russell Westbrook could return in two weeks .
Offices will be closed for the holidays .
Rob Corddry is coming to Trophy Wife .
Zimbabwe beat Kenya 29 14 .
The city's integrity commissioner provided his report to council .
The Cleveland Cavaliers go for a sweep of their Western trip .
The captain of the South Korean ferry that sank has been arrested .
The Karachi police, arrested 65 accused .
A Sheffield man has been charged with corruption of minors .
Mavis Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday .
Facebook - celebrates 10 years of existence .
Anton Ferdinand has left Queens Park Rangers .
Russian lugers, won silver in team relay competition .
An man was found dead on the premises of a building .
The Supreme Court caught the case of a Florida fisherman .
Theodore Twombly falls in love with a computer system .
The next iteration of Kinja is live on Jalopnik .
Nitish Kumar is PM material .
Tours of New Mexico's penitentiary have temporarily resumed .
United Way unveiled its 2 - 1 - 1 outreach van .
The government has failed to defend its own policies .
The south shore towns have moved to freeze the salaries of its elected officials .
Kathryn Dennis gave birth to a baby girl .
At least three people have been killed in a clash between two groups in Bannu .
Kenyan, Edna Kiplagat khas won at the London Marathon .
Salzburg thrashed Ajax 3 0 .
A former teacher has been jailed for a attack on a pupil 40 years ago .
Newfoundland Power Inc. has declared dividends on its Series A, B, D and G First Preference Shares .
Luxury car firm Aston Martin is recalling 17,590 of its sports cars .
Big Brothers Big Sisters has announced it is moving .
US borrowing grew by the biggest amount in six years .
Bulandshahr, sugar merchant was? looted of Rs 50 lakhs .
A series of introductory texts on Tamil literature has been planned .
The government hosted to discuss the action plan on improvement of business environment .
Adult magazines will no longer be sold on Army or Air Force military bases .
Shane Warne has been battling to win his Liz Hurley .
Guangdong defended their men ' basketball title at the Chinese National Games .
At least 60 goats were killed as a truck plunged into a ditch .
A woman has been charged after a stabbing .
The Australian market looks set to open higher .
A plane has landed at Bali airport after a suspected hijacking .
Norwegian lawmakers nominated Edward Snowden for the Nobel Peace Prize .
The Boston Red Sox will not tender contracts to Andrew Bailey or Ryan Kalish, making free agents .
Clydesdale banks are to close 28 unsustainable branches .
Several armed rebels surrendered to the Syrian forces .
A Ventura County sheriff's deputy shot a dog in Fillmore .
The Chicago Fire have acquired Benji Joya in a weighted lottery .
Steel, cement companies will pay for their captive coal blocks .
Shreveport police seek suspects in shots fired incident .
Iran plans to separate drug smuggling prisoners .
Clip has raised $ 1.7 million .
Google will provide free Wi-Fi access in Garfield Park and the South Shore Cultural Center .
A Chinese manufacturing index fell to the lowest level in seven months .
A court issued summons to Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, objecting to defamatory remarks .
Shabana Azmi feels violence against women should not be tolerated .
American TV and Appliance plans to close .
The grants for local bodies should be doubled .
Ebay and Carl Icahn have settled their proxy fight .
Remains were found in the search for a boy snatched by a crocodile .
David Cameron today met Manmohan Singh the focus was on trade ties with .
Bubba makes recovery .
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Galaxy Mega are getting Android 4.4 KitKat .
Xenos has released new album .
A Vallejo man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
Supportive Singles will gather for lunch .
PRIVATE equity's mood is upbeat .
Barber visited Afghanistan .
A woman was tied up and held at gunpoint during a home invasion .
Tiago Ilori would prefer to play for Portugal over England .
The Woodrow Wilson Library, will close for renovation .
A man was arrested after threatening to kill his girlfriend .
Liverpool go to the top .
Interscope Geffen A&M is to acquire the remaining 50% share of the venture from Octone Records .
Marlon King has denied dangerous driving .
Brendan Rodgers has called in Liverpool greats .
Eric Frenzel won a Nordic combined World Cup .
WMO has released new El Nino La Nina update .
Police are investigating after a man was found unconscious .
A road rage incident led to a life sentence .
Durham won their County Championship .
Marvin Sapp was stalked by missing Michigan doctor Teleka Patrick .
POLICE suspect 25 shipments of illegal firearms destined for outlaw bikie gangs and Middle Eastern organised crime groups slipped past customs checks .
Chess will be introduced to schools .
Youth can make a difference .
SMTP today announced the closing of a public offering of 1,600,000 shares of its common stock .
Russia has committed to comply strictly with the provisions of the Olympic Charter .
Trans Adriatic Pipeline consortium will invite bids for the construction and works in late 2014 .
Art To Frame is pleased to offer all new personalized collage frames .
A Chinese official has called for better China-India media exchanges and cooperation .
Five Finger Death Punch is expected to make the top five of next week's Billboard 200 chart .
Rui Costa won the 19th stage of the Tour de France .
South Yemen rose in protest .
Telkom is a remarkable place .
A woman was murdered for opposing illegal mining .
Superstar Mohanlal will keep the vintage camera his first film was shot .
Election day is less than three weeks away .
EngageClick, the multi-screen advertising platform, has gone public .
London's Nola has become the first bar to receive the Seal of the Sazerac .
An Oak Forest police officer died after a crash .
Firefighters have responded to a reported house fire in the 1600 block in Lower Allen Township .
Clarence Seedorf made a winning start .
The Kansas Supreme Court indefinitely suspended the law license of former state Attorney General Phill Kline .
A drug dealer has been sent to prison after he breached a court order .
Griff Rhys Jones says his partnership with the Mel Smith was not a marriage made in heaven .
Soccer star Alex Martinez was named preseason second team All-American .
The Royals have non-tendered Chris Getz .
Chinese police detained a online commentator .
EBay revealed a loss due to a tax charge .
Jerky Treats recall .
IHS Inc. IHS has completed its acquisition of RL Polk & Co .
The New York Jets will travel to Tennessee to take on the 2 - 1 Titans .
Voting started and is progressing well .
Banner Homes ' chief executive has stepped .
The country's Mercadona stores sell fresh fish from the auction .
How it all started for Park City's Steven Holcomb .
Two Florida teens suspected of bullying are facing charges .
Tchaikovsky was gay .
Steven Jackson scored but left with a injury .
He's after re-signing with the Seahawks .
How to pay off payday loans faster .
Jockey Timmy Murphy has been given a ban in an altercation in the weighing room .
The Echo Nest, the industry's music intelligence company, today expands its platform to digital music advertising .
HTC Corp. posted its quarterly net loss .
A Navasota man was sentenced to 20 years for a felony drug conviction .
A Cottondale woman is facing drug charges .
A girl fell into a sinkhole at a school .
An aid convoy was poised to enter the Syrian city of Homs Monday .
He was pointing to himself about providing leadership .
Today is World Malaria Day .
A exhibition will celebrate the DIY rainbow movement .
Demi Lovato says she couldn't go an hour without using cocaine .
The Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade had diplomatic immunity at the time of indictment .
Brazil will host an conference on internet governance .
Society is more splitting up into two hostile camps .
Emirates increased capacity on the Dubai-Los Angeles route .
Kome is launching a happy hour .
Tom Brokaw has been diagnosed with cancer .
Barack Obama said Russia has violated international law in its intervention in Ukraine .
TRIBUTES have been paid to a teenager who died after falling into Weymouth Harbour .
A Lonmin worker was shot dead .
The Ravens have not closed the door on Dennis Pitta returning .
Fiji Television Limited launched a brand new channel .
Debenhams has relaunched its personal styling service .
Sri Lanka is ready to face any challenge, said .
An officer shot a dog who bit a juvenile female in DC .
John Paulson acquired majority stake in St. Regis Bahia Beach Resort, Puerto Rico .
Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords attended a New York gun show .
Scott Driscoll has been fined $ 90,000 for contempt .
Michael Sam, a football player, publicly came as gay .
Early voting is open across Eastern Idaho .
Samsung Electronics, posted a record high of profit .
Calgary police are investigating two separate stabbings .
Uruguay is set to become the first country to nationally legalize pot .
Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge threw to celebrate their birthdays in London .
A father tried to give away his baby triplets .
Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban e-cigarette use in public places .
San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich was named NBA coach of the year .
A cargo ship sank off the coast of Yemen killing all 12 crew .
Mxit launched its mobile messenger application in India .
A man has been charged over two horrific sex attacks .
More than 2 million dehumidifiers are being recalled after dozens of reports of fires .
Agents of Storm has been announced for iOS devices by Remedy Entertainment .
The Czech Republic edged Canada East 3 2 in a exhibition game .
Company DuPont has opened an application development centre .
Liz Hurley is passionate about French parenting .
Rupiah lost more value against the US dollar .
New York forward Carmelo Anthony left with a sprained ankle .
A Rimrock man is accused of assaulting two of his brothers with a knife and a beer bottle .
JENNIFER Aniston wants to elope with Justin Theroux .
Kristen Johnston has been diagnosed with a autoimmune disorder .
Sire De Grugy won as Sprinter Sacre was pulled up .
Oil prices remained steady in 2013 .
Magic slots demons souls chrome .
A woman charged with perjury died in an apparent suicide .
The Russian economy may see zero growth because of the Ukraine crisis .
A FATHER of two died from an enormous caffeine overdose after eating a packet of high energy mints .
Malcolm Turnbull has called for a conscience vote .
A field of remembrance has opened at Carisbrooke Castle .
A motorist, was jailed for two months .
A new group of 11 young whooping cranes is scheduled to arrive in Vermilion Parish next month .
The new facility was inaugurated .
O'live TV's Share House held its production conference .
The win in the West Indies has come at the right time .
The CCSU lockdown has ended .
Bradley Manning was acquitted of aiding the enemy .
Reza Aslan told Piers Morgan .
John Tortorella is on the hot seat .
CENIUM has begun deployment on MGM's Chengdu China property .
A murder suspect is back in jail .
This graduate parked her mom's $ 327,000 Maserati in the middle of the street .
Macmahon Holdings announced its first loss in 10 years .
A Reedsville man was arrested and charged with malicious assault .
The East Carolina softball team split a doubleheader at Louisiana Tech .
Amitabh Bachchan has declined an invitation to perform with Shah Rukh Khan .
The crackdown on private buses continued .
The School Board approved a budget .
Phil Everly, the half of The Everly Brothers, died .
Nepal An avalanche swept on Mount Everest, killing at least 12 guides .
Tecom has launched, a switcher / scaler .
Telstra is cutting 1,100 staff as part of a restructure .
A vaginal gel used to prevent HIV after sex may be .
Microsoft announced a big update coming to the Xbox One next week .
Kenan Thompson and wife Christina Evangeline are expecting .
Actor Kevin Hart paid a visit to the Coronation Street set .
They had caught Scott Walker in a lie .
NATO will suspend all cooperation with Russia .
Salesforce.com is to create 100 jobs in Dublin .
The 2014 elections will be an uphill task for UPA .
A Lake Como man was arrested and charged with heroin possession .
Michelle Obama will deliver the commencement address at Dillard University .
Fiorentina snatch a 2 2 draw at Parma .
ComEd became the most liked utility on Facebook .
CME Group Inc. aims to start a aluminum futures contract in May .
Why gold prices are rising now .
Global oil firms are about to cut exploration spending .
India's growth story is work in progress and there is still a long way to go .
PJ Hairston will begin his professional career with the Texas Legends of the NBA Developmental League .
The search continues for a Baxter County man .
Auckland councillors are making an move to censure Len Brown .
Tributes have poured in for peerless broadcaster David Frost .
Personally Yours celebrates its anniversary with a storewide sale .
KINGSTON A town of Ulster man was charged with possession of crack cocaine .
The property sector is expected to be resilient .
The Broncos agreed to terms with Aqib Talib .
Ruth Lorenzo will represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest .
Jonathan Herrera will sign with the Red Sox .
Wayne Rooney has been included in the England squad for the two qualifiers .
The Tigers rallied to edge Goshen 6 .
Millennial Media announced the launch of its mobile ad exchange .
Volunteers are needed to judge a speech and debate contest .
Earthquakes defender Clarence Goodson has been called to the national team .
The second day belongs to Sri Lanka managed .
Telegration hosted its sales strategy seminar .
Oscar nominee Barkhad Abdi is reportedly broke .
Syrian refugees struggle to survive the cold weather .
Minnesota Golden Gophers quarterback Philip Nelson announced he's decided to transfer .
5N Plus Inc has appointed as chief operating officer .
Two, Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones, committed to Duke .
A fertility clinic has added a Spokane Valley office .
Three businesses were cited for selling alcohol during a compliance check .
TWO top Renault officials visited Bahrain .
The North Union boys wrapped up the regular season .
Open enrollment for School Choice began .
The senate has passed a bill that would help keep flood insurance affordable .
Police are appealing following a home invasion at Edensor Park .
ABC has picked up Marvel's Agents of SHIELD for a full season .
Attorney General Mike DeWine has been released from the hospital .
Victoria University researchers have scooped 21 Marsden grants .
The Senate passed a budget deal .
4G will be launched next week .
Patrick Willis fractured his hand .
Undisclosed income has increased manifold .
UConn junior guard Ryan Boatright is returning for his senior season .
Two people were rescued after their boat caught fire north of Nelson .
Facebook is buying WhatsApp messaging service for $ 16 billion .
The NFL eliminate the extra point .
Art lovers spent eating lunch and learning .
The Vancouver Canucks have signed Ronalds Kenins .
Forest Reserve, NY is now permanently protected .
Vallourec reiterated but warned the weak Brazilian real .
Jenny McCarthy has hit, insisting she is not anti-vaccine .
A body was found in a burned SUV .
SriLankan Airlines has joined oneworld .
Palm oil production rebounded strongly in the month of March .
Foreign Minister Wang Yi met, with Foreign Minister Barnaba Marial Benjamin of South Sudan .
Some 85 per cent have made no plans for long term care .
A sprinkler break caused water damage to a space used by several Fargo businesses as storage facilities .
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari stepped down, becoming the first democratically elected president to complete his full term .
Four persons of a family died a truck hit a motorcycle .
Fox News host Bill O'Reilly admitted he went easy on 60 Minutes .
Rafael Nadal breaks a sweat ahead of next week's Australian Open .
The American Cancer Society's Hope Lodge helps families stay together during treatment .
A basketball coach has again been denied bond .
Rodriguez was suspended through the 2014 season, but can play after filing an appeal .
Ryan Briscoe has undergone successful surgery .
Arsene Wenger can't see the transfer window being changed .
I never said Kejriwal is corrupt .
Propane prices have been rising .
Top jockey John Velazquez had emergency surgery .
Punjab government has decided to distribute bicycles to over 1.5 lakh girl students .
Adel Taarabt has a point to prove .
Borsa Istanbul 100 index opened with increase .
A rare spotted skunk has turned up .
Naya Rivera has been fired from Glee .
Michael Schumacher is gradually being woken up from a coma .
The Chicago Blackhawks have activated Bryan Bickell .
Johnson City, New York, A Police officer is shot .
Security personnel dispatched to Salaga, have been involved in a road crash .
Austin Mahone was hospitalized and forced to postpone his concert tour .
Several teens have been arrested for allegedly vandalizing a golf course .
Maximo Park have become to launch their own beer .
Indian Railways is running 1400 coaches with 3800 bio-toilets in various trains .
Placer County, Roseville are considering recruiting a university from England .
Harold Mitchell has predicted Carat will top in 2014 .
A father and his son were killed after a single vehicle accident .
Students participated in Seeds and Scoot'n .
A North Branch man has pleaded guilty to felony assault and theft charges .
A rally in memory of Trayvon Martin will be held Saturday to 3 pm in Veterans Park in Lorain .
Asset manager TIAA-CREF will buy Nuveen Investments .
Nintendo is ending production of Wii console .
NASCAR tweaked its restart rules .
A Atlanta woman has been sentenced in an identity theft scheme .
Mountain Range and Grand Junction have joined On The wrestling rankings .
An Iowa woman gave birth to 3 of her own grandchildren .
Sally Bercow is deeply unsuited to being the Speaker's wife .
England have taken three wickets after lunch .
Yeshiva University announced Dr. Selma Botman will serve as the University's next vice president for academic affairs and provost .
Peter O'Mahony has warned Ireland .
Hhgregg will open a store in the Bloomington, Ind. area .
Aquino has arrived in Zamboanga .
Today's Spain vs. Macedonia live stream is not part of 2013 EuroBasket schedule .
Edward Snowden was granted to leave a Moscow airport .
Botafogo captain Jefferson has praised former team mate Clarence Seedorf .
Cold conditions continued in Himachal Pradesh .
Kromek has raised £ 15m .
Perpetual has reported a lift in funds under management .
Kylie Minogue is still dating Andrés Velencoso and the couple are going - will Kylie marry her boyfriend .
Twenty-First Century Fox Inc said its board has appointed Lachlan Murdoch non-executive co-chairman .
The prevalence of smokeless tobacco use is 5.6 percent ; and children are .
Uttam Galva Steels has surged on back of heavy volumes .
Alfie proved to be top dog the votes were counted .
Iraq has withdrawn from the Gulf Cup of Nations in protest .
A fire destroyed a South Bend home .
Bradley Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison .
NASA has selected for possible flight demonstration 10 proposals, to revolutionize future space missions .
Gadley A lifelong Town received her life coaching certification .
Zane Benefits, the Online Health Benefits Solution, published new information on how care reform may impact your 2013 tax return .
A newborn baby pronounced dead at birth miraculously started breathing on her 28 minutes later don't know .
Stocks are little changed in trading on Wall Street .
The Utica Comets take on Abbotsford Heat .
Seth Meyers hosted his first episode of Late Night with Amy Poehler, Vice President Joe Biden and A Great Big World serving as guests .
Ron Burgundy is lending his name to America's Emerson College .
Brendan Rodgers would pay to watch Philippe Coutinho .
OnBuy has made its first sale .
Shirley Temple, died at the age of 85 .
A policewoman who caught a 6ft 4ins murderer by RUGBY TACKLING him to the ground .
Software offers for laying composite materials .
ABERDEEN FC forward Josh Magennis has been called up to the Northern Ireland squad .
Barbados Minister announced new measures to tackle the crisis .
Alexander Lukashenko has visited the Klimovichi district .
The infant nutrition sector has many issues to overcome .
River rock casino express is .
Stars have paid tribute to GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ .
The performers, Celtic Legends dance group will visit Azerbaijan .
Fewer Chinese students applied to US graduate schools according to a report .
Martha Stewart's feuding with Gwyneth Paltrow .
As part of Abu Dhabi Terminals commitment, it has launched a safety campaign in Khalifa Port and Mina Zayed .
Who is Mikaela Shiffrin .
This World Malaria Day, QuantuMDx announces the prototype of their handheld lab for 15 minute diagnosis and drug resistance testing .
A hospice nurse appeared accused of selling heroin .
A attendant experiential activity was held on the train T76 .
Gina Carano is pondering a return to competitive MMA .
School will be closed because of the storm .
Azerbaijan seeks to upset the status quo .
BP has accused a US lawyer of brazen fraud .
Carl Icahn said he likes Bill Ackman .
Titan Company shares gain after Credit Suisse upgrades the stock to outperform .
Ukraine said it would grant an amnesty to protesters .
Credit Suisse plans to close some accounts .
Julia Roberts are mourning half-sister, Nancy Motes, who died at age 37 is .
Two diesel trucks were destroyed in an fire northwest of Meeteetse .
A 4.9 magnitude earthquake jolted much of western Wyoming .
AMR Corp. soared, earning $ 289 million during the third quarter .
Pixar have announced they are planning sequels for two, The Incredibles and Cars 2 .
Ceram will be hosting a free webinar, How Clean is Your Device .
House Democrats arrested .
A fetus was found inside a passenger jeepney .
The Bradley County Schools sued the city of Cleveland over the issue of liquor tax funds .
Tom Cole is back and hosting a town hall meeting in Chickasha .
President and Chairman of the Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin jointly held video talks with captains of Chinese and Russian naval vessels participating in escorting the shipping of Syrian chemical weapons .
Broward Sheriff's Deputies are searching for a man robbing the same store twice .
Katie McGrath has joined the cast of Jurassic World .
Tom Foley, who was, has died at 84 .
Bosch aims to double its Asia-Pacific sales by 2020 .
Who performs tonight on American Idol 2014 Top 9 results show .
Friends of the Lower East Side are lobbying to save 75 Essex .
Stanislas Wawrinka regained the Chennai Open title .
The fire that burned southeast of Idaho Falls is .
A Dorchester, Mass, man is facing charges including sex trafficking of a minor .
Instagram will start showing photo and advertisements .
A New York University student has plummeted from a dormitory roof in an apparent suicide .
SEVEN Networks today announced the promotion of two senior technology executives .
David Ortiz wants to visit the Boston Marathon finish line Monday .
A schoolgirl has inspired her parents into a new venture .
A chargesheet has been filed in the midday meal tragedy .
Amy Loudenbeck has announced she 'll seek a third term for .
A woman is accused of leaving her children at home .
EMag reached a 50 percent market share in Bulgaria .
Google is offering local payments for Android apps in another four countries .
The volleyball team dropped a match, Chestnut Hill College played .
Hillary Clinton would make a good president .
Biologists with the FWC are proposing changes to deer hunting in Northwest Florida .
A part of Missoula history will be going up in smoke .
West Ham United assistant manager Neil McDonald praised Ravel Morrison following his display win over Cheltenham Town .
Armaan will be presented in the court .
Crystal Palace are closing in on the signing of Nancy winger Yohan Mollo .
A Lincoln County man was killed after his lawn mower overturned .
Queen will embark on a tour with Adam Lambert .
Lone Star College Tomball is seeking local recipes .
They signed Lloyd .
Target Corp. laid off about 150 of its 15,000 Twin Cities corporate employees .
The NCPCR has pulled up the West Bengal government for failing to curb child labour .
Winger Damien Blanch has been released by agreement from his contract with Catalans Dragons .
The Italian Senate voted in favor of expelling Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from parliament .
Sri Lanka stocks closed flat .
Mitch Evans is thrilled to end a lean spell .
Smokers are more likely to kick their habit on a Monday .
Mahindra & Mahindra unveiled its electric sports car Halo .
Asda is bringing click & collect to six London Underground stations .
I had never imagined I would get into politics .
A burglary suspect crashed his pick up truck .
Gangsters carjacked a bus and robbed passengers .
Tech Data Corp. has rearranged, making three internal promotions .
Mickey Rooney has passed away .
DSW Inc. DSW is pleased to announce the opening of a new store in Springfield, IL .
Federal and state officials will announce a property and forfeiture .
Lindsey Vonn crashed in a training run .
Over three million Xbox One consoles were sold until the end of 2013 .
County councillors are doing a highly impressive job making changes which benefit residents .
A Graco SmartSeat All In One Car Seat review was released by EliteCarSeats.com .
Adobe will repurchase stock worth $ 2 billion by 2015 .
Casteism is in the DNA of Bihar .
The Lakers reportedly plan to keep Nash around next season .
Jogi would go by the wishes of Sonia Gandhi .
A total of ten people were arrested as part of a simultaneous fraud operations .
A former Garfield County jailer was sentenced .
ComiXology today announced that is has surpassed 180 million downloads of comic books and graphic novels worldwide .
Insurers are restricting their choice of doctors and hospitals in order to keep costs .
I am asked, What is an authentic life .
Baku hosts roundtable on agreements and the situation in the Middle East peace process .
Medical researchers have discovered the structure of a potential drug target for a rare genetic disease .
The Minnesota Timberwolves hired former Washington Wizards executive Milt Newton as general manager .
A former Colombian drug kingpin has pleaded guilty to US trafficking charges .
Up to 6,000 people are cancelling their health insurance monthly .
The severity of sleep apnoea can predict the aggressiveness of melanoma .
The United States has fought back after years of recessions .
Kanye cheated on Kim .
Google has named Scarborough the state's eCity .
A group is calling for five western Maryland counties to secede .
Some 93 school girls have been sexually molested on a moving train in the Indian state .
Calvin Harris has been crowned the world's highest paid DJ .
A New Mexico man has been convicted of impersonating a officer and assault .
Jazz pianist Marian McPartland has died at the age of 95 .
Who assaulted and robbed a man in broad daylight .
Traders carried bullish bets to the January series .
The state board that licenses doctors is .
The unemployment rate in Iran has reached a critical level .
India condemned the terrorist attack in China .
Saudi Crown Prince, received on Kuwaiti anti-corruption authority delegation .
BLACKBURN Rovers will reach to fans who have been affected by cancer .
A mosquito sample collected in Newhall has tested positive for West Nile virus .
Lion Forge Comics launched two digital comic books based shows Airwolf and Knight Rider .
Roy Halladay announced his retirement .
He gets to kiss around 27 times .
Kent State's softball doubleheader at Cleveland State has been canceled .
The rout in emerging markets eased .
A fatal case of bird flu was reported in Canada .
An FIR has been registered against Giriraj Singh .
A Dayton woman is facing drug charges following a traffic stop .
Ryan Rossiter is heading to Japan .
Aam Aadmi Party did not rule out Arvind Kejriwal contesting the Lok Sabha polls .
The water level in the Ganga came down slightly .
The Seattle Mariners will induct Lou Piniella .
More than 5,000 people in Dundee live in streets there is too much noise .
The First Christian Church will host a blood drive .
Most of the brokerages bet big on BJP .
Brent crude fell below US $ 107 .
Film director Michael Bay has been injured in an attack in Hong Kong .
The three Williamsville high schools have scheduled open houses .
The ringgit opened slightly higher against the US dollar .
Kym Lomas is battling to save her marriage .
A Wichita man has been sentenced for electronic solicitation .
Kristen Stewart decided to skip the Teen Choice Awards .
A bicyclist was struck by a school bus in the Bala Cynwyd section .
Cristiano Ronaldo has spoken of his delight at making a goalscoring return .
Warner Bros. announced Holly Hunter, Callan Mulvey are joining Zack Snyder's Batman vs Superman movie .
PetFirst announces the top five claims for 2013 .
About 84 Toledo Edison customers in Ottawa Hills lost power shortly after noon a tree branch fell on wires .
Women are less likely to approve and participate in political corruption .
VAIL, Scott Carpenter is recovering from a stroke .
Milder traffic rush will continue .
A Orlando rapper was convicted of two armed bank robberies .
A Charleston teenager was shot and killed .
Arshad Warsi recalled the Lage Raho Munna Bhai days .
Quebec police searched two homes belonging to the haredi Orthodox sect .
Afrojack has released his new single Ten Feet Tall .
Men's Wearhouse announced its Board declared a cash dividend of $ 0.18 per share .
Bobby Jindal is launching a political action committee .
The Jets quarterback competition takes .
A UN panel has warned Kim Jong Un .
A truck caught on fire behind the Days Inn .
Healthy students are better students .
India won two more medals at the Asian Youth Games .
AAP leader Somnath Bharti was beaten up in Varanasi .
TOWNS in Conwy County will benefit from more than £ 12million in funds .
Galon accused Netanyahu trying to rewrite history .
Afghanistan still is plagued by the Taliban menace .
In Pennsylvania, a court begins to hear a challenge to a controversial voter ID law .
British actor Bob Hoskins, has died aged 71 .
Arcade Fire will appear on The Colbert Report .
John Constantine is heading to the small screen .
Kate Gosselin is being eyed as a contestant for Celebrity Apprentice .
German chemical company BASF reached a deal to buy a small biotechnology company .
Mayawati visited Mahabodhi temple .
Indian shares ended lower .
Ohio ranks second for pollution from its power plants .
Manoj Kumar was discharged, said a hospital official .
Michael Essien trained with Ghana .
A woman was grabbed and sexually assaulted on a Maple Ridge trail .
The spring wheat markets have seen some variability in mid October .
Selena Gomez blames because Justin Bieber exposed her .
New Delhi Veerappa Moily will travel by public transport every Wednesday .
Computer Sciences Corp. issued on its FY14 earnings guidance .
Intel is turning to Chinese tablet makers .
Globe will offer the iPad Air and the iPad Mini .
Moncler has opened a new store in Hong Kong .
A vapor mitigation system was installed at the Cumberland Farms .
The judiciary authorities would not hesitate to remove errant judges .
Paducah police are asking for the public's help in identifying a woman suspected of stealing a cell phone .
Santander has reduced rates .
The Reserve Bank has cut interest rates .
A Delaware company has recalled 16 varieties after some of the cheeses were linked to a death and illnesses in newborns .
The Ford Everest concept has been revealed .
Massachusetts would become the second state in the nation to ban fracking .
Four major generals of Pakistan army have been promoted .
Three youths were charged for causing damage to a police patrol car .
These instant texts loans no credit check are .
Hayden Panettiere is engaged on .
Dozens of hospitals are running out of IV fluids .
The PNC has called to take realistic steps to ensure proper tax collection .
Mauritius has been ranked in the first position for promotion of trade in Africa .
Where you take your kids to eat for free .
SOUTH Lanarkshire Council has NOT followed and banned MTV .
Katie Piper shows off her baby daughter .
Goo Goo Dolls are performing their new single Come To Me on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson tonight .
The good ones are miserably taken .
Israel launched the Ofek 10 spy satellite .
A housekeeper ate a pot brownie that was left and ended up in the hospital .
A Bosnian court has announced the release of 10 men jailed for war crime .
Scunthorpe extended their unbeaten run .
A electrician has died in a accident .
Agents uncovered an inactive meth lab at a Fort Mill camper .
Steve Bellone surprised by announcing he will seek a second term .
DMV.us.org is going to ask customers to review their services .
Concurrent will showcase software solutions for every video screen at the 2013 IBC Exhibition 17 .
A Morrisville woman faces charges after she bit an doctor .
Majesticare has sold seven of the its care homes .
Carlton stole into the AFL finals .
The police have announced the reopening of the Tetralna subway station in Kyiv .
Japan pledged huge spending cuts .
The White House will require insurers to cover care for mental health .
Nicole Kidman went topless .
Accra, Ghana will host the Glasgow 2014 Queen's Baton Relay .
The gravity based platform has .
Think as it is : a criminal organization masquerading as a political party .
BJP MP Dilip Singh Judeo passed away .
Khloe Kardashian is filing for divorce from Lamar Odom .
South Ossetia is marking Republic Day .
Angela Merkel anointed a popular rival as her heir apparent .
David Cameron has defended plans to charge migrants to use the NHS .
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation today announced the final results of its tender offer .
South Korea began annual military drills .
Cheryl Cole is the happiest she is at home .
Alex Ovechkin fulfilled a dream, carrying the Olympic torch .
Lamar Odom feels betrayed by his wife Khloé Kardashian .
A paedophile, has been granted supervised release .
Skillet has debuted the new music video Not Gon na Die .
Suncor Energy has closed the sale of the majority of its conventional natural gas business .
Eastman Kodak Co. has emerged from bankruptcy .
Arla Foods, is planning to add 300 million liters of milk to its supply chain in the UK .
Pakistan ruled out military action against the Taliban .
Free Masons come to provide shoes to children .
Pets at Home and Poundland have today set the prices as they both listed on the stock exchange .
Air Canada suspended ticket sales in Venezuela .
Champion and gold medalist Yelena Isinbayeva has announced her retirement .
Human body parts rained down from the sky over the Saudi city of Jeddah .
Uganda has accused the World Bank of blackmail .
Sears Canada Inc. said Calvin McDonald has resigned .
An panel is recommending a evaluation system for Michigan public school teachers and administrators .
A man was winched from a boat .
What's faster .
Oman will get its theme park by the first quarter of 2016 .
A Holy Mass was held at the Church of Nativity in Bethlehem to bless President Mahinda Rajapaksa on his 68th birthday .
Microsoft took the wraps off the Surface 2 tablet .
Unite Private Networks networks provider, announces a fiber network expansion .
Police have arrested two suspected car thieves near the OCCC campus .
The industry needs to reach out to the domestic market .
A landscaper at Orlando International Airport was bitten by an alligator .
The A26 between Newhaven and Beddingham has reopened .
Gander Mountain will give away trigger locks .
Barclays has seen profits drop .
Vodacom will acquire 100 percent stake in Neotel .
Intel isn't just chips .
They are looking for a man who indecently assaulted a child in East Boston .
It is to draw a line between politics and religion, Myanmar's Thein Sein quoted .
Lena Headey is going to be narrating the audiobook version, Low Down .
By deferring the cash of make online emarketing lots fast .
Charlie Collins says he plans to run for the GOP nomination for lieutenant governor .
A group is calling on New Castle County to ban the box .
Microsoft has built a portal for its Indian developers .
A Great Falls man was charged with a count of obstructing justice .
Home support workers have rejected their employer's offer .
Serzh Sargsyan had had a telephone conversation with the US Secretary of John Kerry .
None would be allowed to play with people's rights .
Twins born in different years are .
House prices continued to rise .
A council official conned his local authority out of more than £ 11,000 by setting up a fake company .
Siemens form a joint venture to make engines for hybrid and electric vehicles, in the joint venture in China .
Sheldon Whitehouse is praising the NBA and sports organizations for taking steps to address climate change .
Ijaz Munir has directed the officers of Health Department to deal with the visitors with respect .
Faking News brings exclusive pictures of Lok Sabha after cameras were switched off .
The smart home automation market is expected to hit $ 917 million in 2017 .
The Congress had no clear policy on countering Naxalism .
Elena Baltacha may need a transplant .
The shutdown are not the real problems .
A train carrying crude oil derailed and caught fire, in Alabama, authorities say .
It's awards season .
The Massachusetts unemployment rate stood at 7.2 percent in October while the state added more than 9,000 jobs .
Pakistan is gift from Allah .
Alyssa Milano is pregnant .
The federal government shutdown has led to the closure of the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau .
China launched an experimental satellite .
My mom is my biggest guru .
A woman traffic inspector attempted to commit suicide .
A Golden Gate man is accused of having sex with a minor .
Union Health and Ghulam Nabi Azad launched the indigenously developed diabetes screening system and test strips .
India and South Korea signed nine agreements to boost bilateral ties .
Fire broke out in a candle factory .
A man was arrested in the neighborhood of Jeitawi on charges of raping minor boys .
Resident and Broadway star Elaine Stritch will be inducted into the Michigan Celebrity Hall of Fame .
A new Iranian airline will start operation .
Kim Dotcom thinks the GCSB bill will pass .
A library building is set to be constructed .
Jessica Ennis-Hill joins the Fashion Targets Breast Cancer campaign .
The US economy will fare better in coming quarters .
The Following will return for a third season .
GLOSTER, The town will advertise for a new police chief .
The Milwaukee Brewers put Yovani Gallardo on the disabled list .
NeuroTechnologies of the Treasure Coast announces an expansion and collaboration .
Thirty volunteers undergone a water search and rescue training .
Nick Cannon feels lucky he gets to spend time with his kids .
Javad Nekounam could be set for a spell on the sidelines .
A Fort Bliss soldier was injured in a training accident .
The dairy, has been sold to an Italian buyer .
Jared Leto would prefer to marry Kanye West .
The Xbox One has been delayed in eight countries .
Turkish Airlines and Euroleague Basketball have announced will continue their partnership agreement through 2020 .
Shay Mitchell took to show off her mermaid inspired nails .
Photos of an woman exercising on a bus have gone viral .
Patriots WR Mark Harrison has a chance to emerge as a tight end .
Brendon McCullum was hailed as Captain Fantastic .
The man known as the American jihadist was killed .
Campbell Soup Company expects to launch more than 200 new products in fiscal 2014 .
McDonald is testing a mobile ordering app .
Cardiff businesses risk alienating with a lack of online presence .
Kalki Koechlin has revealed she was sexually abused as a child .
Police arrested a man accused of beating his pregnant girlfriend in a Sheraden park .
A burst on the water main at Gortletteragh has caused disruptions .
Salinas police said a motorcyclist died from injuries .
An Las Vegas police officer killed himself in a parking garage .
Ottawa police released the names of the six people killed when a Via Rail train collided .
A man shot by deputies was not the man named in a warrant .
Rare video of Michael Collins taken on the day he signed his own death warrant .
Nine traditional industry villages will be established this month .
Katie McGinty demanded more funding to the state's hunger program .
Future and Ciara confirmed they are in fact having a boy .
Disney Junior celebrates Halloween with themed episodes of hit series .
PHOENICIA A boil water advisory was lifted .
Hudson County officials and employees must now undergo ethics training .
Wales centre Jonathan Davies has agreed to join Clermont Auvergne .
Vote for Aam Aadmi Party is vote for instability .
Shirley Herz died .
Amy Jackson, is dating Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas .
Youre not how to get emergency money .
A rural Tomah man was killed in a crash in the town of La Grange .
Greece qualified for a World Cup .
Trent Johnston will retire from cricket in December .
Jennifer Love Hewitt married just five days before giving birth .
News International wanted Lord Mandelson to coach Rebekah Brooks, the trial has heard .
A man sustained head injuries after being beaten during a fight over a debt of RM40 .
A woman had to be cut out of her car following a collision .
Beyoncé and Jay Z fired their bodyguard for hiring a prostitute while .
Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to respond to rockets fired from South Lebanon targeting .
Hideki Matsuyama apologized to Ian Poulter for damaging a green .
TSR Inc. will resume its stock repurchase program .
WWE star Darren Young came out as gay .
Sony Corp sold more than 7 million PlayStation 4 consoles .
Police officers arrested 65 people for underage drinking at a party .
Alexis Pinturault soared to win a World Cup slalom in Wegen, Switzerland .
A 30 year old woman is believed to be one of the two people found dead .
A attorney has filed a lawsuit for a man who claims security guards broke his arm .
Cyclists are more likely to die on Geelong roads .
Moby and David Lynch will be featured at the IMS engage .
Coronation Street star Kym Marsh has been granted a divorce .
A Texas leader of the Latin Kings street gang was sentenced in Hammond, Indiana, to serve 262 months in prison for racketeering conspiracy .
India will tour South Africa, it was confirmed .
Scientists said they captured the brightest cosmic explosion .
The Railways may not be able to achieve the target fixed for this financial year .
Des Moines police tell a man has been found dead .
It has been painful and disappointing, but it's over, it can't be changed .
The lawyers demanded relocation of the district courts .
A California man has been sentenced in Maine to 25 years in prison for operating an drug ring .
An associate of Aaron Hernandez will be arraigned on an accessory to murder charge .
Global investors are feeling confident .
Pretty Little Liars winter premiere? airs tonight .
Airtel is offering Facebook for free in 9 regional languages .
Latif Rivers scored to lead Wagner past LIU Brooklyn 75 68 .
Subway says an ingredient dubbed the yoga mat chemical will be phased out by next week .
The US military said it intercepted during a missile defence test .
Microsoft has completed its acquisition of Nokia .
Wolseley non-executive director Michael Clarke is standing down .
The filmmaker doesn't care to watch any of his films .
Kelly Clarkson got married .
A new smartphone app may allow people to donate their voice .
Former Brazilian football player Ronaldo is hoping to buy the Playboy franchise in Brazil .
Max Pacioretty redirects in a Thomas Vanek pass .
Nawaz Sharif never called Manmohan Singh a village woman .
A man is in hospital after being struck by a vehicle in Scarborough .
25 schools have been listed as underperforming .
Progressive Waste Solutions has announced the garbage and routes .
The legislative races got crowded .
Ethiopia playing Ghana .
Apple has opened their first retail store in Brazil .
A fully indigenous BrahMos missile will be rolled out in three years .
Latvia became the 18th eurozone country .
Police have released the identity of a body found in the Susquehanna River .
Ghanaians deserve to be happy .
28 out of the 36 states are yet to fully embrace the contributory pension scheme .
Local advocate producer Bukola Oriola was invited to the White House Jan. 14 .
Rick Osterloh has been named President and COO of Motorola Mobility .
The euro fell broadly .
US stocks staged an explosive rally .
An association for female journalists was launched .
BofA Merrill Lynch downgraded ViroPharma to Underperform .
Dwayne Allen is to seek a second opinion on his foot injury .
Four people were rescued at a flooded farm in Llanbedr .
A newly married couple was found dead .
A man paid with his life for trying to broker peace .
George Michael was afraid to ask Amy Winehouse to duet .
Fashion and sustainability do not go hand in hand .
A Moses Lake man is after trying to run over his brother .
Her husband Saif Ali Khan shows sparks of brilliance in every film .
Sid Caesar has passed away .
China has become the world's second largest agricultural insurance market .
The Lokpal Bill was tabled in the Rajya Sabha .
An feedlot school educates about nutrition and management issues .
Moto X photos have leaked .
I had a troubled childhood .
EBay was leading a new round of funding in Snapdeal .
Twitter took the first step toward its IPO .
Two females were injured after jumping off a bluff into the Big River .
Manoj Bajpayee was forced to get out of his bed early .
Leigh a advertising jingle writer, celebrated hit Man of La Mancha, died .
He shall be glad when it's all done and dusted .
Matthew McConaughey has won the Golden Globe for best actor in a drama .
AFC Sudbury seal a win to extend their run .
Congressional delegations arrived in Cairo .
Japan and North Korea have agreed to resume government talks .
The Washington Nationals 'd promoted Mike Rizzo .
Don Lemon's gon na get the Uncle Tom award .
Brock Fiduciary Services hosted a panel .
BJP would win and would arrange support in order to form government in Odisha .
Jackson County lost 1,400 jobs in January, mostly due to seasonal job cuts .
Sanitary workers took out a rally .
Farrah Abraham is filming for VH1's Couples Therapy despite being single .
Route 218 has been closed due to the storm .
A project called Habitat for Heroes kicked off with a groundbreaking .
Ken Norton who fought, has died .
The Pittsburgh Pirates will be after placing Starling Marte on the disabled list .
A survey has revealed 38% of women say it doesn't matter how much money their engagement ring costs .
Manchester United legend Eric Cantona has found, being arrested for assault .
Tiger Resources aims for early dividends from its Kipoi copper project .
An American Airlines plane made an emergency landing in the Turks & Caicos Islands .
Charlie Sheen has blasted reports suggesting he was partying with Zac Efron .
Ng, and former dealer testified at the cheating trial .
The world's company Procter & Gamble has merged India, the Middle East and Africa into one IMEA region to remove and improve the execution .
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has decided to retire at age 28 .
Some homeowners awoke to find an intruder .
The town of Andrews made by appointing their first ever female commissioner .
Kashmir is and can trigger a fourth war with India .
Crimestoppers has launched a blog which aims to spark nationwide discussion on UK crime .
Maldonado is happy to be leaving Williams .
India is to install Fake Indian Currency Notes detection machines along the India-Bangladesh border .
Formula One legend Michael Schumacher remains in a stable but critical condition after suffering in a skiing accident .
I am not missing Gutthi .
Sione Lauaki has denied damaging a closed circuit television camera .
The situation in Serbia is satisfactory .
An iPad Air unit catches fire causing an evacuation .
Lane Crawford, will open the doors of its China flagship store in Shanghai .
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz tested the 2016 presidential waters .
Philip Roth has quit writing fiction .
Mavado Returns to BRING THE STING .
An Milwaukee woman who was found outside died of hypothermia .
The Waratahs beat the Blues 33 in a Super Rugby warm up .
The Royals have designated Pedro Ciriaco for assignment .
Barkevious Mingo has been released from the hospital .
An Indo-American has pleaded guilty of tax fraud .
Who was a foodie .
Bruce Feldman has joined Fox Sports .
Liza Minnelli performed with a broken wrist .
Students four competed in a bridge building competition .
Where Smart Small Business go to for business advice .
Things you did not know .
Netflix signed an agreement to pay Comcast .
A man has been charged with filing millions of dollars of false liens .
Japan Transocean Air has selected 12 Boeing 737 800 aircraft .
Google Inc is offering to set up free wireless Internet hotspots in 31 spaces in San Francisco .
A girl has pled guilty .
York City firefighters rescued a boy who was locked in a safe .
Amitabh Bachchan celebrated his 71st birthday with fans .
The meat judging team won its competition .
A drone hit a US Navy ship .
Ooredoo has launched new smart packs .
Pakistan will try Pervez Musharraf for treason .
Clinton McDonald, who worked tackle, was re-signed .
Rand Paul won his presidential straw poll .
American Science and Engineering Inc. has received an order for 28 ZBV ® systems from a key Middle East channel partner .
The body of a Sterling Heights man was found along the Clinton River .
Charges have been dismissed against a former prison chaplain .
Sharp Corp. said it set its new share offering price at Y279 per share .
Victoria Azarenka battled at the US Open .
A member are charged with voting irregularities .
You go to jail for payday loans in missouri .
Katherine Heigl is suing a US pharmacy for $ 6 million .
Michael Lohan defends his daughter Lindsay .
San Antonio guard Manu Ginobili missed the Spurs ' game against the Dallas Mavericks because of tightness in his left hamstring .
Reed City opened by splitting a pair with Big Rapids .
The jury in the trial of Carlow man accused of raping three girls has retired for a third night .
Adrien Broner has vowed to take over boxing .
Dickinson competed in triple jump at the 1936 Berlin Games .
A- 10 Warthog downed by budget cuts .
The Indian Supreme Court has re-criminalized gay sex .
John Moore will have Military Attack peaking for the Hong Kong Cup .
The Fort Hood soldier accused of stealing and trying to sell explosives is out of jail .
Iran will immediately export more crude oil once sanctions are lifted .
Allen West is leaving at Pajamas Media .
Santander is today launching a range of zero fee products .
Georges St-Pierre will step away .
Tiger Woods had withdrawn from this week's Arnold Palmer Invitational .
The county was awarded a recycling grant .
Burton won the pole at Chicagoland Speedway .
The Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago welcomed four new residents .
Chinese president Xi Jinping has been named head of a national security commission .
Toyota Motor Corporation will spend to build a new engine plant in Indonesia .
Maja Salvador celebrated her birthday on ASAP .
The job market is showing signs of the gains .
Two best friends died in a car accident .
The Goa medical college has renotified rates in its private wards .
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt attend the BAFTA Awards .
More than 40 Topeka teens are looking ahead to college .
Feedback on WATCH : This place is a joke, we play games in here .
Atletico Madrid went top after recording a victory against Real Sociedad .
Evan Lysacek's doing double and triple jumps in practice .
Marian McPartland, a jazz pianist show, has died .
The cousin of Aaron Hernandez has been released on bail .
Exeter selectmen approved a social media policy .
Halliburton has admitted destroying evidence .
A Chilhowie man ran from Police .
The Cellular services have been restored in many cities including Karachi .
Anaerobic digestion can reduce pathogens in pig carcase material .
David Bowie made a rare public appearance at an event to honour Tilda Swinton .
Police subdued a man with a Taser .
A TEENAGER is earning a staggering £ 24,000 just by playing Grand Theft Auto 5 from the comfort of his bedroom .
Andre Ward will return to the ring to fight Edwin Rodriguez .
ComScore has rolled out its MMX Multi-Platform tool in Spain .
GateHouse Media Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 protection in Delaware .
A Concord pastor facing charges of sex crimes against children turned in .
Local search platform Getit Infomedia's arm has launched services in Malaysia .
Twitter has reached a new record users share and send 143,199 tweets per second .
Pepsi apologized to Christiano Ronaldo for the ads .
He spoke about the class are being treated it comes to government spending .
An woman is facing charges of chemical endangerment of a child .
ONO has launched an online TV service .
Two stage artistes were arrested for snatching .
Three train cars exploded near Aliceville .
Amyris Inc. has begun selling Biofene ® a long-chain branched, online at farnesene.net .
Bulgaria has the eighth cheapest beer in the world .
President Obama speaks at the White House .
A Muncie man is accused of beating a newborn .
Tana Umaga is being cited for abusing the match officials .
Allister Coetzee will meet with Stuart Berry .
The Brazilian central bank has denied reports it is discussing a coordinated currency intervention with India .
HomeThangs.com has introduced a guide .
Lockheed Martin will furlough 3,000 employees due to the shutdown .
Bao Bao got to play outside for the first time .
Emotional intelligence thought leader chosen .
Lois Lerner will testify before Congress on Wednesday .
The Lake Erie Monsters scored, but fell to the Utica Comets, 3 2 .
The Laurentian Autoroute has closed because of a burning truck .
Israel will launch its first civilian satellite into orbit in December 2015 .
Entropia Universe is has integrated Paypal, and its side, Zong .
Iran hangs 16 rebels in reprisal for border deaths .
A Lancaster County sex offender has been charged .
A Hillsdale homeowner confronted a burglar .
Shanghai copper is biased to test a resistance at 52,170 yuan .
The Boston construction boom may prove sustainable .
India will wait to see how the situation plays out in the Maldives .
European stocks are seen opening marginally higher .
Matt Harvey and his girlfriend, model Anne V, have broken up .
Kolkata, Sachin Tendulkar will enter his farewell series at 24th position .
A Schuyler man has died after a one car accident .
A pre-poll survey projected BJP sweeping Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka .
Heidi Klum showed off some major cleavage in a plunging gown at the 2014 People's Choice Awards .
Kim Fields is pregnant .
Syrian rebels had used sarin nerve gas .
The Boston Globe says its publisher plans to step down .
The father of Pavlo Lapshyn told his grandmother was a Muslim .
A woman left her baby inside a car for nearly 30 minutes, police say .
The failure of CEZ call centre has been eliminated .
The Red Cross was helping a total of 44 people after fires over the weekend in Providence and Central Falls .
Volkswagen has made a 6.7 billion euros all takeover offer for Swedish truck maker Scania .
Of thousands flocked to pray for good luck and fortune for the new year .
The price of oil slipped closer to $ 94 a barrel after falling more than 7 percent in the past month .
Consignment stores have gained popularity, and may be a option for formal dance attire .
Arvind Kejriwal is enrolled as a voter in three places .
An electric car owner has been arrested for stealing around 5 cents worth of electricity .
Police are investigating a suspicious death in Silverton .
Naveen Patnaik launched an scheme, SHGs .
Apple has reached a deal to bring the iPhone to China Mobile .
UTSA blanked Incarnate Word without dropping on Saturday .
Bond was reduced for a Hawkinsville man accused of pointing a pellet gun at a woman and her children .
New Delhi, A court rejected the bail plea of Dhananjay Singh .
San Francisco, Apple is offering free recycling of its used products .
ZESA Holdings has intensified electricity disconnections .
Terry Trafford's body was found at a Michigan Walmart on Tuesday .
Yoenis Cespedes won baseball's Home Run Derby .
The aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya was inducted into the Indian Navy .
Dennis Sullivan stands with priests installed as Knights .
A Florence woman was charged after giving to a baby who tested positive for drugs .
Sean Penn traded an autograph for cigarettes .
KB Ganesh Kumar is rumoured to enter wedlock again .
Two people were held up at knifepoint in Brighton .
The Black Crowes pull out the rock tricks .
A second case of measles has been reported in Manitoba .
Four men hijacked a security van carrying RM3.36 million .
A Kuwaiti scientist is offering Arab students an opportunity to join a scientific expedition .
PNG will resettle some refugees .
A hot air balloon makes an unexpected landing .
NATO still hopes a political solution to the crisis in Ukraine can be found .
A group of Chinese and Malaysian officials have met in Beijing .
Kia Motors America today reported September sales .
BBC America has picked up season two of co-production, Atlantis .
Stephen Malkmus & the Jicks have announced plans for a new album and a UK tour .
The Chicago Fire head to the Pacific Northwest to take on the Seattle Sounders FC .
Two tropical storms flanked Mexico on the coasts .
Waterloo police are investigating a shooting .
The Niagara Falls Bridge Commission, elected its slate of officers .
The Effingham County CEO class hosted four legislators .
A licensee has won a legal battle against Npower in a dispute over a electricity bill .
Hong Kong shares may start weaker .
A woman mistakenly taken to a psychiatric hospital said she was billed $ 60 .
A Joliet man died in a fall from his bicycle .
Nurses will strike for eight hours .
A PUNTER has placed what is by far the biggest bet in Australian political history .
The Department of Agriculture is terminating plans for a national leafy greens marketing agreement .
A court in Saudi Arabia started the trial of 23 activists .
The president, Bishop Joseph Fan Zhongliang of Shanghai, died on Sunday 96 .
The NRL has offered Alex McKinnon a job for life .
The grim accounting continues in Oso .
Three medical organisations met Minister to discuss plans for free GP care for children aged under six years .
New Orleans ' Preservation Hall Jazz Band will appear on CBS Sunday Morning .
A second man has been indicted in the 2012 murder .
Dennis Seidenberg deserved his, extension .
Britney Spears hopes and she wants to project positive energy .
His wife Khloe Kardashian filed, Lamar Odom is moving to Spain .
The humble tapioca is competing with apples .
UPS Inc. will raise its rates on 4.9% .
Saudi Arabia today rejected its seat on the UN Security Council hours .
A Waterford man is in fair condition following a motorcycle crash .
Two HazMat teams showed off new technology .
Strong wind and choppy sea conditions, are expected to continue until Monday .
A rare 8lb eel thought, was found by a team working on major repairs of a canal lock in Northamptonshire .
Israeli tanks fired shells at farmers in the northern Gaza Strip .
Angola was postponing a summit with Portugal .
A major pipeline was approved .
The Texas state board of education approved a list of science textbooks .
Sepp Blatter doubts Gareth Bale was worth a 100 million euros .
Who the heck should play Johnny Carson on that NBC miniseries .
A US official says a Malaysia Airlines plane was sending signals to a satellite .
Florida State gained a bit of ground on Oregon in the USA Today Coaches Poll .
A woman driving a sedan collided with a semi truck .
Lanus will face Ponte Preta in the final .
Terry Branstad will host at a political fundraiser in Washington .
A court extended the custody of Pervez Musharraf .
Sleep apnea may be linked to poor bone health .
Barack Obama urged Democrats and Republicans to work on their budget differences .
Delta Air Lines announced it will start a daily nonstop flight between San Diego and Seattle .
Al Ahly are African champions .
NATO has suspended cooperation with Russia .
The Commonwealth decided to wait till tomorrow on it should deal with Maldives .
Corruption in schools is getting worse .
One, Emirates Airlines is to start flights from Kabul .
Specific compounds found in exhaled breath may help diagnose lung cancer in its early stages .
Paula Deen continues to make as she compares, referring as that black football player .
Mendocino College is accepting scholarship applications .
Microsoft added a total of 92,000 music videos for the Xbox Music app .
The chain Morrisons is set to open in a building on Acre Lane .
The Dalai Lama said he would miss his dear friend Nelson Mandela .
Vishal Bhardwaj was forced to call off his film Haider's shooting .
The exercise moves people are doing wrong .
A team led by computer scientists has developed a new approach that marries to sort cells up to 38 times faster .
Where do i buy vitamin e oil enjoy .
Wal-Mart has decided to take a plunge in money transfer service .
EBay could be the next Yahoo .
A man was struck and killed by a train in Chicago Heights .
Crude Oil found a support around 97.00 .
An man has died waiting for an ambulance .
Motorhead have postponed their European tour until February 2014 .
Dallas Stars Ryan Garbutt has been fined for spearing .
NBC plans to air a miniseries starring as Secretary and Hillary Clinton .
A Japanese minister visited a controversial war shrine .
I had an experience I assumed was a condition called the thumps .
Police are investigating a bank robbery Hartford around 9 am .
A hunter was killed by a falling tree branch .
Now we need a De-Annexation bill .
The Justice Department has reached an agreement to allow the merger of US Airways and American Airlines .
A driver crashed a pickup truck into someone's yard in Antioch .
There are no laws empowering to stop aged aircraft flying our airspace .
A squirrel stretches to get to the bird feeder .
Gautam Gambhir urged his fans to donate their organs .
Christine McVie is expected to rejoin Fleetwood Mac .
Kevin Cahill said he supports a study AARP found an independent advocate should be assisting .
Qantas would face national interest tests .
Opponents of the Keystone XL oil pipeline celebrated the completion of a barn built in the project's path .
Shinde has a life beyond Patna .
A Crisfield accountant is facing a slew of new charges .
The United Nations called on Iraq, to halt all executions after 42 people were hanged .
Incipio ® reveals an extensive case collection to accompany the Moto X smartphone .
A WOMAN was treated after a cooker fire at a flat in Little Chalfont .
The doomsday preacher Harold Camping has died at the age of 92 .
Jeezy has released, culminating in Benihana driving cut featuring Rocko and 2 Chainz .
Yahoo has shut down its email service in China .
Miley Cyrus thinks men watch too much porn .
Authorities, are investigating an alleged sexual assault of a Seton Hall University student .
The former police chief was sentenced to 90 days in jail .
Barack Obama met with the Dalai Lama at the White House .
The Motion Picture Association of America settled its lawsuit against Hotfile .
Ranbir Kapoor is not playing Lord Shiva .
Candidates can afford to take a break from hectic campaigning .
Iran says there has been no progress in nuclear talks .
Metro is reducing the number of cars per train due to the shutdown .
Egypt is seeking permission to send thousands of soldiers to Sinai .
Australians dominate Hollywood .
Simon Helberg will welcome his second child .
A student hired a villager to do a punishment .
X Japan band leader Yoshiki announced he will hold a solo world tour .
A group of locals celebrate St. Patrick's Day .
Chevrolet has launched a limited edition of the Enjoy .
A man is accused of cutting his brother with a knife .
A woman was arrested on charges she stabbed a Pepperell man .
Nokia has launched in the Indian market .
Gary Bettenhausen has died at age 72 .
Salman Khurshid ruled out talks with Pakistan .
The TTP does not represent all groups of terrorists .
Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility will hold two workshops .
Bade Acche Lagte Hain completed a run of 500 episodes .
A train carrying crude oil derailed and exploded in Alabama .
Peek.com, today announced its international expansion .
Bibendum has launched a spirits agency business .
Albert Hammond Jr has announced a string of May UK tour dates .
Ronan Farrow will host an show on MSNBC .
The Browns have requested to interview Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels .
THE MeerKAT project is proceeding on time and on budget, said Derek Hanekom .
Magyar Telekom reached an agreement with the trade unions .
Former ManU players, have clubbed to buy Salford City FC .
A St. Joseph woman has pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud .
Li Yuanchao will be the Chinese official to visit North Korea .
Police are investigating the first homicide of 2014 .
The Union Buildings have been declared a national heritage site .
Liverpool City Council has referred over 47,000 debts to bailiffs in the 12 months .
The branch of the American Association of University Women is offering a scholarship .
A WOMAN has told her house was firebombed twice .
Two children have died in a house fire .
Chelsea beat Inter Milan 2 in a friendly .
David Beckham has refused to criticize Alex Ferguson .
The European Union was preparing to charge Gazprom in an anti-trust probe .
George Strait won his entertainer of the year at the ACM Awards .
Robert Gates has accused Pervez Musharraf of striking deal with Taliban and Al-Qaeda .
An teen pimp will get a sentence of time served and probation .
Joe Creighton will bring a taste of New Orleans to Australian stages .
Dyster will hold a Mayor's Night In Thursday evening .
Taipei, Aug. 18 Visiting NBA star Jeremy Lin kicked off a basketball camp .
A Pleasants County teenager was accidentally shot .
A Gouverneur man was arrested after he allegedly punched his girlfriend in the face which sent her to the hospital .
The British Jumping Derby has secured a title sponsor .
Legal & General is well placed .
RYAN Leonard was after helping Southend United end their Morecambe hoodoo .
Fleetwood Mac's coming to Calgary .
Another Clarkson University student has been awarded a prestigious Goldwater Scholarship .
Adventure made a person stronger .
Lester, the Wynwood cafe, closed .
The population of Monarch butterflies has crashed .
Nuneaton Town have signed QPR defender Sam Magri on loan .
US Postal Service officials say they 're unlikely to rebuild a post office in the Kauai town of Hanamaulu after a fire destroyed .
Apple has topped the CoolBrands list .
A Capital One Bank located at 356 North Central Avenue in Valley Stream was robbed by a man who presented a demand note .
The Venice Commission recommends to amend the bill on the prosecutor's office .
Amanda Bynes has checked out of rehab .
The Old Republic, the World of Tanks has passed the 1.1 million concurrent users milestone .
It's to lie on our online dating profiles .
Market Force Information has launched KnowledgeForce, a customer intelligence platform .
An Alabama man died in a house fire, but only after helping his wife escape .
Asian markets are exhibiting a mixed trend .
Mustafa Dzhemilev urged Nato to intervene in Crimea to avert a massacre .
The number of US criminals exonerated in 2013 climbed to a record high .
Cauley Woodrow warns his Fulham teammates not to get carried away .
An assemblyman has conceded an election after a recount showed .
Nigel Pearson has told his Leicester City side to play with a desire .
Brodie signed with the Flames is .
Greek parliament passed a bill lifting the ban on Sunday shopping .
Nicole Scherzinger stole the spotlight .
How can retail investors play a more active role .
Tony Franklin will return to manage the Thunder .
Spain will freeze civil servants ' wages in 2014 .
John Kerry says the plans for the US missile defence are absolutely on target .
The US government is conducting inspections of Korean auto makers .
Gina Carano's very open to returning to the MMA cage .
Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni asked his openers to take more responsibility .
Kent School will be offering arts workshops .
Egypt criticised the US decision to halt some aid .
About 25 dead cats found in bags hanging from trees in a New York suburb .
The Mackintosh School of Architecture has appointed three new professors .
Leader Arvind Kejriwal turned down the security cover offered .
Crews were working to restore power to thousands in Mississippi after an storm .
The US small business confidence improved in January .
Daniel Agger suffered a calf injury .
China plans to allow the creation of up to five privately financed banks .
The President, Pranab Mukherjee conferred on 9 October 2013 the Presidential Awards for Classical Tamil .
An Asheville officer shot and killed a suspect .
No charges will be filed in a deadly school bus accident .
A Brooklyn art gallery owner chased a thief .
Kanye West popped the question and Kim Kardashian gave .
The legal highs industry has launched its code of conduct .
US home prices rose in February .
The Port Kembla stack will be demolished February .
PLEASE don't break up our family .
A Pensacola bus boy has become an internet sensation .
That telemedicine consults improved patient outcomes .
More than 20 bus services will be affected by cuts .
Planet Fitness will open its gym inside the Meridian Mall .
Verian has signed a major US producer of oil and natural gas liquids .
Its chief Subrata Roy is not liable for refunding Rs 24,000 crore .
A failure knocked out power to thousands in New Jersey .
Finnish industry confidence remained negative in December .
Anderson Cooper ripped Alec Baldwin .
A Federal Way man was struck and killed after he ran on an Everett highway .
Lucknow, The free laptop scheme was aimed at providing equal opportunity .
The NIT pairings are set .
Francis Gary Powers died his helicopter crashed .
Justin Bieber released A Bieber Christmas playlist .
A man who was shot Thursday morning in Oklahoma City died .
Lapses in quality by a handful of pharma companies has overshadowed the good things .
No injuries have been reported in a partial grain silo collapse at the elevator near Fairmont .
A boat capsized in an Uttar Pradesh river .
Bulgaria loses BGN 440 M a year to tax evasion and social security evasion .
Pakistan and India forged signed three agreements .
A fan has been jailed for punching a horse .
Petrobras has completed the drilling test of the fourth well at Iara area, block, in the Santos Basin pre-salt .
NetMotion Wireless Inc.'s expanded in Europe .
Guardian News & Media today announced a series of senior editorial changes .
Lucy Hale is, but who is Lucy's girl crush .
Zoo staff are celebrating the birth, days after the death of elephant Sanook .
Foreign investors have turned increasingly cautious about investing in developing countries .
Wang Yi met with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan .
Westside Church Fremont Campus will offer vacation Bible school .
THE safety of public staff is being put at risk by hospital management, and by government bodies .
Chinese steel and iron ore futures dropped .
The UC Riverside School of Medicine opened its doors .
General Motors recalled nearly 1.5 million vehicles .
The New England Patriots will participate in a medical records pilot program .
Receiver Keyshawn Johnson was arrested Monday .
Fiona Roche broke the old course record .
Portsmouth held Chesterfield .
Five more staff at a home for the mentally disabled have been implicated in physical abuse .
Two French soldiers have been killed in Central African Republic .
ORANGE is the New star Pablo Schreiber is after his wife Jessica Monty filed .
Sebastian Rode could miss the rest of the season .
Ilham Tohti has been arrested for separatism .
The Baltimore Ravens took the field, for the day of training camp .
Flybe Paul Simmons stated he does not foresee a need to go any further than a codeshare with Etihad .
The star Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty .
Oliver is expected to be named finance minister on Wednesday .
PAX East 2014 is sold out .
A bomb planted near Carkhano market was defused .
Fox has renewed Sleepy Hollow for a second season .
India is opposed to any control on internet .
All burning permits are suspended .
Wisconsin woman is challenging the state's fetal protection law .
Bette Midler will perform at The Academy Awards .
Tarun Gogoi today ruled out division saying warned in violence .
DORTMUND, has signed Serbia midfielder Milos Jojic .
Insurance companies are dumping doctors .
The Colts have promoted Griff Whalen to the active roster .
Michael Allen won the Greater Hickory Classic .
A man was held at gunpoint and beaten during an attempted robbery .
A school muck up prank turned ugly .
Carrier Verizon has claimed India asked to block access to certain websites .
Tina Brown is leaving The Daily Beast .
A Florida man was arrested .
Michelle Plouffe scored and Utah upset Washington State 59 57 .
The former officer at the center of a child abuse investigation is telling his story .
A man was sentenced for causing a crash that left a woman in a wheelchair .
Segun Odegbami, has urged kids to take training seriously .
A memorial service was held .
The Detroit Lions 2014 schedule will be released tonight .
Barack Obama has started his holiday on Martha's Vineyard .
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra presents Bolero on Feb. 7 at 7:30 pm at First Baptist Church in Covington .
Four Oak Park teens were arrested in connection with a residential burglary .
Tesco has stepped, launching its new Hudl tablet computer .
Taylor Lautner and Marie Avgeropoulos have split .
A man is recovering after he fell while descending North Maroon Peak .
REEVA Steenkamp's uncle has forgiven Oscar Pistorius for killing her .
The Haryana government has framed fresh charges against Ashok Khemka .
The World Congress of Philosophy will take place in Athens .
Arab foreign ministers will meet Monday in New York .
Governor Rick Scott will visit Jacksonville Wednesday on a stop of his tax cut tour .
A Family Court marshal at the center of misconduct allegations has been suspended .
Serbia and Albania are open to cooperation in all areas .
Sebi streamlined its norms for stock brokers .
PTI asked for early drafting of the proposed law on local bodies .
Sam Hurd has been sentenced to 15 years in prison .
Several train routes have been cancelled .
A Garda whistleblower has called for the Minister Alan Shatter to resign .
Pete Seeger died said he died .
Prince is set to host all night pyjama party .
Anita Pratap took a day off .
Sue Wallis, a champion, died .
Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon was arrested on corruption charges .
No smoking says Bloomberg, as he prepared .
Neil Woodford will to launch a income fund in May .
They are offering two scholarships .
Media company has signed a, sublease at 99 Hudson Street .
A typhoon battered the Philippines .
Angela Merkel warned Russia Thursday of massive damage .
Three adults were charged and arrested as a result of a two and a half month investigation .
Why BYOD is BAD .
Pat Quinn is urging tornado victims to document damage .
The asset sales programme will continue .
How anxiety or stress can rewire the brain to make benign smells malodorous .
Adolphe Sax, who revolutionised, is finally getting the recognition he is due in his Belgium .
The United States told its citizens in Yemen to leave immediately, the US State Department said .
The Isuzu Motors, is planning to set up an engine facility in India .
A Tampa man is being charged with murder after stabbing .
Average operating rate at Chinese galvanizers rose to 84.5% in March .
Rob Ford will give Doug Holyday a key to the city .
BJP is likely to emerge as the single largest party in the Delhi assembly polls .
Congress finalized a seat sharing arrangement in Maharashtra .
Margaret Hodge told : It is now easier to pay less tax .
Larry Miller is encouraging locals to apply for funding .
Urban Outfitters faces a California overtime lawsuit .
A notorious criminal was killed in an encounter .
Shanghai has endured its hottest July in 140 years .
Zynga dropped about 130 names .
Someone was trying to steal the wheels off of her car .
A man has been jailed after 400 tonnes of waste was dumped on land .
Bollywood star Juhi Chawla is heading to Hollywood .
The former Watonwan County investigator was sentenced .
WhatsApp is to add a voice call service .
A Bournemouth driver has been involved in a fatal crash .
Audi would start producing cars in Brazil .
Odisha has accused the Centre of adopting a discriminatory approach .
Syria expects a attack at any moment, a security official said .
Corruption is creating instability in the education sector .
SAP AG says profit rose 23 percent as its cloud computing business grew .
But one thing the IRS isn't deciding a woman has been raped .
New Knicks president Steve Mills has said Isiah Thomas will not be rejoining the organization .
Czech inflation slowed in August .
Japanese retailer Aeon Co. plans to launch retailing business in Myanmar .
Dozens of bushfires broke out in Australia .
Jim Furyk hit a magical 59 .
Augustana College softball picked up a milestone win on its way to a sweep over Minot State .
A Colorado meat company is expanding a recall .
Madonna will perform with Macklemore .
Melbourne, Aadhaar project is an example of? using? technology to leapfrog .
Who use, but the Empire feeds off the Republic .
The NCAA announced changes to its tournament selection and bracketing process .
Shrien Dewani intend to appeal his extradition to South Africa .
Warner Bros has announced the release date Of The game .
An Indianapolis community is rebuilding one year after a explosion killed .
AXA Private Equity has been rebranded as Ardian .
The Kentucky Humane Society's resorts are offering free boarding for dogs .
Grassley criticized Obama for the budget .
Apple is being forced to change its refund policy to fit under Australian consumer law .
Phish is coming to the Glens Falls Civic Center on Wednesday night .
Jon Bruning testified before a Senate committee .
Jalimadi Kanuteh, launched his debut album .
Prem Chopra inaugurated an art exhibition labeled KrishnAnsh held in the capital Mumbai .
Guard Nate Robinson will live tweet an replay of his Game 4 performance against the Brooklyn Nets .
A woman was taken and charged for stealing $ 534 in goods from Park Ridge library .
Trail Blazers point guard Damian Lillard will opt out of his Adidas deal, a report says .
Ahead, the Hassan Rouhani, has called for a constructive interaction .
Spectrographic, is now offering full laboratory installations for aerospace industries across the UK .
Italian lawmakers sought to head off a showdown over the future of Silvio Berlusconi .
A 24 year old American tourist has been detained in North Korea for improper behavior .
Cecilia Yip and her husband Chan Kwok Hei celebrated their 25th anniversary .
The New York Yankees have made a contract offer to Joe Girardi .
Outages left thousands without power .
A Bozeman man is tonight accused of stalking an elementary student .
2013 men's singles champion Andy Murray hails the performance of Arsenal signing .
Gold steadied off an high .
North Korea had confirmed it was holding an American citizen .
Eleanor Catton reads from her novel, The Luminaries .
A man was accused of stealing from the Boy Scouts .
Wynalda was introduced as the Silverbacks ' manager .
A Greene County man is on charges accused of inappropriately touching a child .
The party Gandhi take every election seriously .
A dog day care, training and wellness center will open .
Zenit St. Petersburg have acquired Oleg Shatov on a transfer .
A mental health clinic will be reopened .
Acceletronics have hired as a new engineer to support the Pennsylvania areas .
Anastacia has had a double mastectomy operation .
The BJP will ruin the essence of Bharatiyata and Hindustaniyat .
Women face discrimination and their empowerment remains a distant goal .
The Philippines vowed, to build back better 100 days after its typhoon left .
A window cleaner has died after falling from a ladder .
A woman was robbed of her backpack in the Lower Haight .
Kangaroos star Jarryd Hayne has launched a passionate defence of the Rugby League World Cup against detractors .
Landry Fields had wrist surgery .
Danville police are investigating an attempted robbery .
Two Horsham brothers admitted in a small pot growing operation .
Cesar Chavez as an hero and a movie opened in theaters nationwide .
Taipei, Feb. 9 Taiwan's new representative to Israel is set to assume his duties this week .
More than 800 families face eviction .
Shoppers search for Boxing Day deals .
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA raised its 2013 profit margin target .
Gold analysts are Bullish for a 2nd week running .
Arvind may test Rs 140 .
CNBC kicks off its 25th anniversary celebration .
Banks keep pessimistic about the business performance in 2013 .
The Cat Ba archipelago launched wifi service .
Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has suffered a serious knee injury .
Manchester United have confirmed Marouane Fellaini has had the wrist operation .
NPS MedicineWise is calling on every Australian to do in the fight against antibiotic resistance .
Women spent more on non-traditional items .
CSX is expected to make a big announcement in Brunswick County .
New Zealand businesses are still suffering after the botulism scare .
Who asks, for a group of investors to cause a short squeeze .
The Air Force implemented a new inspection system .
A Raleigh mother has been charged with abusing her son .
Karen dissipated to a remnant low over the north central Gulf Sunday morning .
The new gazebo should be in place by next week .
Local entrepreneur is launching a direct marketing consulting firm .
Six Pace Academy students took part in a diversity conference .
Cisco Systems Inc. sold $ 8 billion in bonds .
God has always had less relevance in the life .
Unhygienic toilets will be made and demolished .
Paramount Pictures is laying off 110 workers .
A boy who was trapped at a sand dune was released from the hospital .
Two ATMs were stolen .
The BJP is extremely keen on passing the Lokpal Bill, said .
Tornadoes hit parts of the central and southern US .
ELLEN DeGeneres didn't get a lot of sleep after the Oscars .
Robert Khuzami, the former chief, is set to join Kirkland & Ellis LLP .
A man who was hit by a vehicle is in critical condition .
Faye Business Systems Group has joined the Acumatica channel .
It rejected Australia's concerns about a new air defence zone, after Australia called .
The class of 1963 will meet on Wednesday .
A former prosecutor was convicted of one count of paying a underage escort for sex .
General Mills Inc. has launched a snack subscription service .
Phillips Idowu will not be competing after announcing he is taking step back from athletics .
The Washington Capitals locked, re-signing Karl Alzner .
The University of Coimbra has established an alumni association in Macau .
Andre Schurrle claims the Chelsea are feeling confident ahead .
Israel freed 26 Palestinian prisoners, the stage of a amnesty .
Four people have been arrested on drug charges after the death of Philip Seymour Hoffman .
Edward Snowden asked to meet human rights groups at a Moscow airport .
Elisabeth Hasselbeck made her debut on Fox and Friends .
A woman died after walking in front of a school bus .
Current non-invasive techniques are less effective, in reducing the incidence of lung injury in very premature infants .
The Atlanta Braves clinched division titles .
A person was injured in a stabbing in Dolores Park .
A fan club for Osunaarashi has been established in his country of Egypt .
Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop endorsed Ras Baraka in the Newark mayoral race .
Czech soldiers may join the UN peace mission in Mali .
An failure to provide an impartial grievance appeal process can amount and form the basis of a constructive dismissal claim .
Precision Castparts Corp. agreed to buy Aerospace Dynamics International for $ 625 million .
The Pittsburgh Steelers finally got a win .
A majority of Americans would support a law legalizing gay marriage in all 50 states .
Ayala Center Cebu presents Je T'aime .
Oxfam is to cut 125 jobs .
Akron police followed footprints and arrested a suspect .
Mario Draghi sees no urgent need to cut the euro zone's rate further .
A $ 1 million Powerball ticket was sold in northern Indiana .
A Enid man was injured when his motorcycle was struck from behind .
The Run For Life charity race is and it aims to raise S $ 630,000 .
Doctors are giving an update, Michael Schumacher was .
The UofA maintains an equal enrollment of men and women .
A burglar dropped a photograph of a baby girl .
A Santa Monica man was arrested after slashing another man's fingers with a knife .
Jumeirah at Etihad Towers will extend the opening hours of Observation Deck to offer a point for the National Day firework celebrations .
The Green Party are calling on the Government to strengthen Kiwibank .
The Obama administration needs to get a grip on spending .
Oil prices are starting the week in positive territory .
Kolkata, The Eden Gardens got a giant clock .
Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban e-cigarette use in public places .
Tom Fletcher has joked his baby will have three irresponsible uncles .
NJ Keep Green .
Clinton County will move to to a travel watch .
Julia Robert has considered giving up acting jobs .
Asian markets were trading higher .
ARAMARK Holdings Corporation has filed a registration statement for a initial public offering .
Rick Snyder is bringing back his mobile office hours .
Montreal is getting a new airport .
Who lied to President Goodluck Jonathan he was the most criticized .
Two youths attempted to rape a woman at gunpoint .
Jon Mitchell spoke at his offshore wind conference .
The city of Temple Terrace has seen a drop in crimes over the last five years .
Sevastopol asks additional RUR 600 million from the Finance Ministry for budgetary needs .
Pacers Zaheer Khan put India on top against South Africa .
The Ghana Armed Forces held open day .
Two teenagers are lucky to be alive .
Glenbard West High School will present Peter Pan .
Many banks are rushing to sell their bad loans as fiscal year 2014 .
Iran wants, but will not sacrifice its rights, Hassan Rouhani said .
Ellensburg High School girls team is ranked third in the state .
Germany will support consequences against the Syrian regime .
The Taj Mahal city celebrated Independence Day .
The Government questioned the US Embassy on a tweet .
The Philadelphia Phillies have re-signed / Michael Martinez to a minor league deal .
Lawyer Ted Olson answered questions .
The US National Security Agency used a loophole in laws to carry out warrantless searches .
Meridian Health Plan launched its first commercial product .
Emma Thompson fears young actresses are under pressure to look like models .
Plans have been unveiled to revive the Haworth in Bloom group .
British architect David Chipperfield was chosen to build .
A woman was fatally struck on the Suitland Parkway .
Mick Jagger celebrated his 70th birthday .
The Singapore Police Force is planning to revamp its service schemes .
Jean Todt has been re-elected as president of motorsport's governing body .
A new kind of dental profession is slowly taking root .
A Charleston man was resentenced to prison .
Gabriel García Márquez died at the age of 87 .
Other, the iPhone 5S is expected to feature a convex home button with fingerprint sensor technology .
Class 8 orders surged in October .
STMicroelectronics hosted IEEE workshop on advanced analog design .
General Dynamics has secured a $ 17.65 billion contract .
Belgrano defeated Racing Club 3 0 .
The Yankees will retaliate against the Red Sox .
Efforts to curb malaria have saved the lives of 3.3 million people .
A child believed to be about 2 years was found wandering the streets of Lynwood .
You 're the reason we 're here .
Patrice Bergeron hopes to spend the rest of his career in Boston .
A traffic accident at 5:30 in Jacó left four people dead and one person seriously injured .
EGYPT 'S Muslim Brotherhood suffered a blow from the security crackdown .
CAG has sought reversal of over Rs 100 crore inadmissible expenditure .
Boise State unveiled a new design for the football team's truck .
Frank Smith reflects on attending the March .
Paydays loans pay back monthly .
THE Office of Fair Trading will refer the workplace pension schemes to a independent board .
The number of passengers using Suvarnabhumi Airport did not reach its growth target .
Boy George has slammed Evander Holyfield for his homophobic comments .
A gunman robbed a Jersey Mike's store in Berkeley .
Will Fraser's injury is not serious as first feared .
Clemson has the BEST stadium entrance in college football .
An Ohio woman is facing felony charges after faking cancer .
Google has added voice calling within the Hangouts module in Gmail .
New Australian high commissioners were announced .
Officials have confirmed a gray wolf was killed in Kentucky .
Canadian bonds are ending, surrendering earlier gains in quiet trading .
Kylie Minogue is to replace Jessie J in Britain's show The Voice .
WellConnect is offering a free cooking demonstration .
Painkillers found in ice cream cones sparked .
THE Australian market looks set to open higher .
The Lebanese army reopened a road between two towns near the Syrian border .
Andrea Mitchell will interview CIA Director John Brennan .
Jack Lakey, The Fixer, is on vacation .
The Donegal Youth Council's new website, has gone live .
John Calipari knows the tricks about being a selfish player .
A inmate attempted to escape by digging a hole in the ceiling .
Luis Suárez has announced he is staying at Liverpool .
Barack Obama vowed to veto any new Iran sanctions bill .
A firefighter and police officer were injured during a house fire .
Sweden's Sophie Gustafson retired from the LPGA Tour .
American Science and Engineering Inc. has received an order for 28 ZBV systems from a key Middle East channel partner .
The NPP risk staying in opposition for a long time .
Jessie J has joked she would love to audition for the next series of The Voice .
Lisa Madigan will not be running for governor .
Rakeem Buckles ' waiver has been denied by the NCAA .
The Indians have recalled Carlos Carrasco to help their tired bullpen .
Actor Peter O'Toole died in a London hospital .
Country music singer Ray Price died at the age of 87 .
Israel successfully launched a new spy satellite .
Buy Home Appliances Today Website releases the review .
Tony Mowbray was left frustrated .
Pride cometh before the fall .
A woman was arrested after allegedly crashing her vehicle into CVS Pharmacy while drunk, police said .
Twitch game broadcasting will come to iOS and Android thanks .
AmeriCorps will host a butterfly program .
Everyone in Norway is now a millionaire .
Deutsche Bank transferred and upgraded NetSuite to Buy .
Barack Obama is enrolling some star power to promote health care .
The Catholic Bishop of Limburg faces penalties .
Geno Smith was named the AFC offensive player of the week .
A man has accepted a plea deal in a murder case .
Croatia will move to amend its extradition law to avoid possible European sanctions .
SEVEN police cars stormed into a road in Petts Wood .
Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan received a US Congress delegation .
Kate Moss has admitted she can't wear clothes thanks to her bow legs .
The grandson of former New York Giants owner Wellington Mara was charged with arson .
An Australian hotel is declaring itself a graffiti Belieber .
You can online casino bitcoin .
Neil Nitin Mukesh will make his Tamil debut .
Super Aguri returns as a Formula E team .
A mother and child have been found dead after a fire in a garage .
The Nokia Lumia 525 has been released and priced .
Prince Friso is to be buried near his mother's castle .
Carly Fiorina attacked Ted Cruz, saying there was no honor in his fight to defund Obamacare .
I 'm, but I haven't intimidated anybody .
Shane Warne will be inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame .
Nicole Scherzinger says she and Lewis Hamilton are just friends .
A police drink driving sting has found not a driver over the limit .
Colombian police arrested the head of a drug trafficking gang .
The Sindh Festival's tournaments will produce great cricketers .
Sinead O'Connor has written another open letter to Miley Cyrus .
Comedian Brian Regan announces the second leg of his 2014 North American theater tour .
ReachLocal is expanding its reach in Southeast Asia .
The euro continued its bullish momentum .
